{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Times;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helvetica;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Courier;}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Geneva;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Tms Rmn;}{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helv;}{\f10\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}MS Serif;}
{\f11\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}MS Sans Serif;}{\f12\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}New York;}{\f13\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}System;}
{\f14\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}{\f15\froman\fcharset128\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Mincho{\*\falt ??};}{\f16\fnil\fcharset129\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Batang{\*\falt ??};}
{\f17\fnil\fcharset134\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}SimSun{\*\falt ??};}{\f18\fnil\fcharset136\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}PMingLiU{\*\falt ????};}{\f19\fmodern\fcharset128\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Gothic{\*\falt ?????};}
{\f20\fmodern\fcharset129\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Dotum{\*\falt ??};}{\f21\fmodern\fcharset134\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}SimHei{\*\falt ??};}{\f22\fmodern\fcharset136\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}MingLiU{\*\falt ???};}
{\f23\froman\fcharset128\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}MS Mincho{\*\falt ?? ??};}{\f24\froman\fcharset129\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Gulim{\*\falt ??};}
{\f25\fmodern\fcharset128\fprq1{\*\panose 020b0609070205080204}MS Gothic{\*\falt ?? ????};}{\f26\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Century;}{\f27\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq3{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
{\f28\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}SALFrutiger;}{\f29\froman\fcharset128\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}@MS Mincho;}{\f30\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f31\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f33\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f34\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f35\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f36\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f37\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f38\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f39\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f41\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f42\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}
{\f43\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f44\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f45\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f46\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f47\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}
{\f49\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f50\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f51\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}{\f52\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}
{\f53\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f2\fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Plain Text;}}{\*\revtbl {Unknown;}}{\info{\title I}{\author hazzard}{\operator hazzard}
{\creatim\yr2004\mo1\dy31\hr21\min55}{\revtim\yr2004\mo1\dy31\hr21\min55}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords76436}{\nofchars435690}{\*\company home}{\nofcharsws535057}{\vern8247}}{\*\userprops {\propname eBook-title}\proptype30{\staticval 
Citadel of the Autarch}{\propname eBook-author}\proptype30{\staticval hazzard}{\propname eBook-filename}\proptype30{\staticval autarch5.lit}{\propname eBook-ThumbPath}\proptype30{\staticval }{\propname eBook-CoverPath}\proptype30{\staticval }
{\propname eBook-SpinePath}\proptype30{\staticval }{\propname eBook-PPCThumbPath}\proptype30{\staticval }{\propname eBook-PPCCoverPath}\proptype30{\staticval }}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1152\margr1152 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f2\fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {
\fs16\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Scanned and corrected by gojukai
\par }{\fs24\dbch\af23 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Citadel of the Autarch
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I
\par }{\dbch\af23 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Dead Soldier
\par }{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I HAD NEVER seen war, or even talked of it at length with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 someone who had, but I was young and knew something of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 violence, and so believed that war would be no more than a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 new experience for me, as other things\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 the possession of authority 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in Thrax, say, or my escape from the House Absolute
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had been new experiences.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 War is not a new experience; it is a new world. Its inhabitants 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 are more different from human beings than F\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 amulimus
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and her friends. Its laws are new, and even its geography is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 new, because it is a geography in which insignificant hills and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hollows are lifted to the importance of cities. Just as our
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 familiar Urth holds such monstrosities as Erebus, Abaia, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 A\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 noch, so the world of war is stalked by the monsters called
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 battles, whose cells are individuals but who have a life and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 intelligence of their own, and whom one approaches through
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 an ever-thickening array of portents.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 One night I woke long before dawn. Ev\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 erything seemed
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 still, and I was afraid some enemy had come near, so that my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mind had stirred at his malignancy. I rose and looked about.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The hills were lost in the darkness. I was in a nest of long
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 grass, a nest I had trampled flat for myself. Crickets sa\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ng.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Something caught my eye far to the north: a flash, I
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thought, of violet just on the horizon. I stared at the point
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from which it seemed to have come. Just as I had convinced
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 myself that what I believed I had seen was no more than a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fault of vision, pe\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rhaps some lingering effect of the drug I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had been given in the hetman's house, there was a flare of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 magenta a trifle to the left of the point I had been staring at.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I continued to stand there for a watch or more, rewarded
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from time to time with these my\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 steries of light. At last, having 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 satisfied myself that they were a great way off and came
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 no nearer, and that they did not appear to change in frequency, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 coming on the average with each five hundredth
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 beat of my heart, I lay down again. And because I wa\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s then
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thoroughly awake, I became aware that the ground was shaking, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 very slightly, beneath me.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 When I woke again in the morning it had stopped. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 watched the horizon diligently for some time as I walked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 along, but saw nothing disturbing.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 It had been t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wo days since I had eaten, and I was no longer
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hungry, though I was aware that I did not have my normal
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 strength. Twice that day I came upon little houses falling to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ruin, and I entered each to look for food. If anything had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been left, it had been taken lo\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ng before; even the rats were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gone. The second house had a well, but some dead thing had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been thrown down it long ago, and in any case there was no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 way to reach the stinking water. I went on, wishing for some-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 -thing to drink and also for a better staff th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 an the succession
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of rotten sticks I had been using. I had learned when I had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 used Terminus Est as a staff in the mountains how much
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 easier it is to walk with one.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 About noon I came upon a path and followed it, and a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 short time afterward heard the sound \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of hoofs. I hid where I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 could look down the road; a moment later a rider crested the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 next hill and flashed past me. From the glimpse I had of him,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he wore armour somewhat in the fashion of the commanders
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of Abdiesus's dimarchi, but his wind-stiffened cape \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was green
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 instead of red and his helmet seemed to have a visor like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the bill of a cap. Whoever he was, he was magnificently
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mounted: His destrier's mouth was bearded with foam and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 its sides drenched, yet it flew by as though the racing signal
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had dropped o\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nly an instant before.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Having encountered one rider on the path, I expected others. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 There were none. For a long while I walked in tranquillity, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hearing the calls of birds and seeing many signs of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 game. Then (to my inexpressible delight) the path forded\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 young stream. I walked up a dozen -strides to a spot where
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 deeper, quieter water flowed over a bed of white gravel. Minnows 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 skittered away from my boots\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 always a sign of good
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 water\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 and it was still cold from the mountain peaks and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sweet with the memory\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  of snow. I drank and drank again,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and then again, until I could hold no more, then took off my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 clothes and washed myself, cold though it was. When I had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 finished my bath and dressed and returned to the place
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 where the path crossed the stream, I saw two pu\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 g marks on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the other side, daintily close together, where the animal had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 crouched to drink. They overlay the hoofprints of the officer's 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mount, and each was as big as a dinner plate, with no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 claws showing beyond the soft pads of the toes. Old Midan,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 who h\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ad been my uncle's huntsman when I was the girl-child
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Thecia, had told me once that smilodons drink only after
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 they have gorged themselves, and that when they have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gorged and drunk they are not dangerous unless molested. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 went on.                         \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The path wound through a wooded valley, then up into a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 saddle between hills. When I was near the highest point, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 noticed a tree two spans in diameter that had been torn in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 half (as it. appeared) at about the height of my eyes. The ends
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of both the sta\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nding stump and the felled trunk were ragged,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not at all like the smooth chipping of an axe. In the next two
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 or three leagues I walked, there were several score like it.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Judging from the lack of leaves, and in some cases of bark, on-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the fallen parts, and \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the new shoots the stumps had put
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 forth, the damage had been done at least a year ago, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 perhaps longer.                                   
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 At last the path joined a true road, something I had heard
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of often, but never trodden except in decay. It was m\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 uch like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the old road the uhlans had been blocking when I had become 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 separated from Dr. Talos, Baldanders, Jolenta, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Dorcas when we left Nessus, but I was unprepared for the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cloud of dust that hung about it. No grass grew upon it,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 though it was wider t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 han most city streets.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had no choice except to follow it; the trees about it were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thick set, and the spaces between them choked with brush.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 At first I was afraid, remembering the burning lances of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 uhlans; still, it seemed probable that the law that\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  prohibited
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the use of roads no longer had force here, or this one would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not have seen as much traffic as it clearly had; and when, a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 short time later, I heard voices and the sound of many marching 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 feet behind me, I only moved a pace or two into the trees
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and watched openly while the column passed.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 An officer came first, riding a fine champing blue whose
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fangs had been left long and set with turquoise to match his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bardings and the hilt of his owner's estoc: The men who
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 followed him on foot were antepilan\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 i of the heavy infantry, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 big shouldered and narrow waisted, with sun-bronzed.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 expressionless faces. They carried three-pointed korsekos,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 demilunes, and heavy-headed voulges. This mixture of armaments, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as well as certain discrepancies among their badges
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nd accoutrements, led me to believe that their mora was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 made up of the remains of earlier formations. If that were so,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the fighting they must have seen had left them phlegmatic.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 They swung along, four thousand or so in all, without excitement, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 reluctance,\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  or any sign of fatigue, careless in their bearing 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 feat not slovenly, and seemed to keep step without
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thought or effort.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Wagons drawn by grunting, trumpeting trilophodons followed. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I edged nearer the road as they came, for much of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the baggage they carr\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ied was clearly food; but there were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mounted men among the wagons, and one allied to me, asking 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 what unit I belonged to, then ordering me to him. I fled
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 instead, and though I was fairly sure he could not ride among
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the trees and would not abandon his dest\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rier to pursue me on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 foot, I ran until I was winded.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 When I stopped at last, it was in a silent glade where
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 greenish sunlight filtered through the leaves of spindly trees,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Moss covered the ground so thickly that I felt as if I walked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 upon the dense carpet\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  of the hidden picture-room where I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had encountered the Master of the House Absolute. For a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 while I rested my back against one of the thin trunks, listening. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 There came no sound but the gasping of my own breath
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and the tidal roar of my blood in my ears.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 In time I became aware of a third note: the faint buzzing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of a fly. I wiped my streaming face with the edge of my guild
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cloak. That cloak was sadly worn and faded now, and I was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 suddenly conscious that it was the same one Master Gurloes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had draped about my\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  shoulders when I became a journey-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 man, and that I was likely to die in it. The sweat it had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 absorbed felt cold as dew, and the air was heavy with the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 odour of damp earth.         
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The buzzing of the fly ceased, then resumed\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 perhaps a
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 trifle more insiste\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ntly, perhaps merely seeming so because I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had my breath again. Absently, I looked for it and saw it dart
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 through a shaft of sunlight a few paces off, then settle on a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 brown object projecting from behind one of the thronging
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 trees.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 A boot.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had no weapon w\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hatsoever. Ordinarily I Would not have
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been much afraid of confronting a single man with my hands
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 alone, especially in such a place, where it would have been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 impossible to swing a sword; but I knew much of my strength
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was gone, and I was discovering that f\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 asting destroys a part of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 one's courage as well\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 or perhaps it is only that it consumes a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 part of it, leaving less for other exigencies.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 However that might be, I walked warily, sidelong and silently, 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 until I saw him. He layed sprawled, with one leg
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 crumpl\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ed under him and the other extended. A falchion had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fallen near his right hand, its leather lanyard still about his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wrist. His simple barbute had dropped from his head and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rolled a step away. The fly crawled up his boot until it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 reached the bare flesh just\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  below the knee, then flew again,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with the noise of a tiny saw.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I knew, of course, that he was dead, and even as I felt relief
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my sense of isolation came rushing back, though I had not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 realized that it had departed. Taking him by the shoulder, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 turned h\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 im over. His body had not yet swelled, but the smell
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of death had come, however faint. His face had softened like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a made of wax set before a fire; there was no telling now
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with what expression he had died. He had been young and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 blond\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 one of those handsome,\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  square faces. I looked for a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wound but found none.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The straps of his pack had been drawn so tight that I could
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 neither pull it off nor even loosen the fastenings. In the end I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 took the coutel from his belt and cut them, then drove the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 into a tree. A bla\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nket, a scrap of paper, a fire-blackened
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pan with a socket handle, two pairs of rough stockings (very
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 welcome), and, best of all, an onion and a half loaf of dark
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bread wrapped in a clean rag, and five strips of dried meat
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and a lump of cheese wrapped in a\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nother.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I ate the bread and cheese first, forcing myself, when I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 found I could not eat slowly, to rise after every third bite and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 walk up and down. The bread helped by requiring a great
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 deal of chewing; it tasted precisely like the hard bread we
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 used to \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 feed our clients in the Matachin Tower, bread I had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stolen, more from mischief than from hunger, once or twice.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The cheese was dry and smelly and salty, but excellent all the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 same; I thought that I had never tasted such cheese before,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and I know I have nev\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 er tasted any since. I might have been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eating life. It made me thirsty, and I learned how well an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 onion quenches thirst by stimulating the salivary glands.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 By the time I reached the meat, which was heavily salted
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 too, I was satiated enough to begin debat\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ing whether I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 should reserve it against the night, and I decided to eat one
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 piece and save the other four.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The air had been still since early that morning, but now a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 faint breeze blew, cooling my cheeks, stirring the leaves, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 catching the paper I had \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pulled from the dead soldier's pack
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and sending it rattling across the moss to lodge against a tree.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Still chewing and swallowing, I pursued it and picked it up. It
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was a letter\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 1 assume one he had not had the opportunity to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 send, or perhaps to complete. H\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 is hand had been angular,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and smaller than I would have anticipated, though it may be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that its smallness only resulted from his wish to crowd many
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 words onto the small sheet, which appeared to have been the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 last he possessed.
\par 
\par \tab }{\fs16\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 0 my beloved, we are a hundr\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ed leagues north of the place
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from which I last wrote you, having come by hard marches. We
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have enough to eat and are warm by day, though sometimes
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cold at night. Makar, of whom I told you, has fallen sick and
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was permitted to remain behind. A great ma\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ny others claimed
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 then to be ill and were made to march before us without
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 weapons and carrying double packs and under guard. In all
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 this time we have seen no sign of the Ascians, and we are told
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 by the lochage that they are still several days' march of\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 f. The
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seditionists killed sentries for three nights, until we put three
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 men on each post and kept patrols moving outside our perimeter. 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I was assigned to one of these patrols on the first night
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and found it very discomforting, since I feared one of m\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 y
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 comrades would cut me down in the dark. My time was spent
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tripping over roots and listening to the singing at the fire}{\dbch\af23 \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \emdash 
\par 
\par \tab \tab \tab }{\i\fs16\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Tomorrow night's sleep
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Will be on stained ground,
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 So tonight all drink deep,
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Let the friend-cup go round.
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Friend, I\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  hope when they shoot}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ,
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li1440\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\i\fs16\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Every shot will fly wide,                     
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\i\fs16\dbch\af23 \tab \tab \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 And I wish you good loot,
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 And myself at your side.
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Let the friend-cup go round,
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 For we'll Sleep on stained ground."}{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Naturally, we saw no one. The seditionists call themselve\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Vodalarii after their leader and are said to be picked fighters.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 And well paid^ receiving support from the Ascians. ...
\par 
\par \tab 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 II
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Living Soldier
\par }{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I PUT ASIDE the half-read letter and stared at the man who
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had written it. Death\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s shot had not flown\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  wide for him; now
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he stared at the sun with lustreless blue eyes, one nearly winking, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the other fully open.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Long before that moment I should have recalled the Claw,
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but I had not. Or perhaps I had only suppressed the thought
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in my eagerness to steal the\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  rations in the dead man's pack,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 never reasoning that I might have trusted him to share his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 food with the rescuer who had recalled him from death.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Now, at the mention of Vodalus and his followers (who I felt
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would surely assist me if only I were able to fi\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nd them), I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 remembered it at once and took it out. It seemed to sparkle
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in the summer sunlight, brighter indeed than I had ever seen
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it without its sapphire case. I touched him with it, then,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 urged by I cannot say what impulse, put it into his mouth.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 When\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  this, too, effected nothing, I took it between my
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thumb and first finger and pushed its point into the soft skin
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of his forehead. He did not move or breathe, hut a drop of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 blood, fresh and sticky as that of a living man, welled forth
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and stained my finger\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I withdrew them, wiped my hand with some leaves, and
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would have gone back to his letter if I had not thought I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 heard a stick snap some distance away. For a moment I could
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not choose among hiding, fleeing, and fighting; but there was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 little chance of su\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ccessfully doing the first, and I had already
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had enough of the second. I picked up the dead man's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 falchion, wrapped myself in my cloak, and stood waiting.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 No one came-or at least, no one visible to me. The wind
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 made a slight sighing among the treetops. \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The fly seemed to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have gone. Perhaps I had heard nothing more than deer
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bounding through the shadows. I had travelled so far without
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 any weapon that would permit me to hunt that I had almost
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 forgotten the possibility. Now I examined the falchion and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 found \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 myself wishing it had been a bow.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Something behind me stirred, and I turned to look.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 It was the soldier. A tremor seemed to have seized him\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 if
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had not seen his corpse, I would have thought him dying.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 His hands shook, and there was a rattling in his thro\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at. I bent
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and touched his face; it was as cold-as ever, and I had the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 impulsive need to kindle a fire.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 There had been no fire-making gear in his pack, but I knew
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 every soldier must carry such things. I searched his pockets
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and found a few aes, a hanging\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  dial with which to tell time,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and a flint and striking bar. Tinder lay in plenty under the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 trees\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 the danger was that I might set fire to all of it I swept
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a space clear with my hands, piling the sweepings in the centre, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 set them ablaze, then gathered a f\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ew rotten boughs,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 broke them, and laid them on the fire.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Its light was brighter than I had expected\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 day was almost
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 done, and it would soon be dark. I looked at the dead man.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 His hands no longer shook; fie was silent. The flesh of his face
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seemed warmer. \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 But that was, no doubt, no more than the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 heat of the fire. The spot of blood on his forehead had nearly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dried, yet it seemed to catch the light of the dying sun, shining 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as some crimson gem might, some pigeon's blood ruby
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 spilled from a treasure hoard. Th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ough our fire gave little
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 smoke, what there was seemed to me fragrant as incense, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 like incense it rose straight until it was lost in the gathering
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dark, suggesting something I could not quite recall. I shook
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 myself and found more wood, breaking and sta\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cking it until I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had a pile I thought large enough to last the night.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Evenings were not nearly so cold here in Orithyia as they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had been in the mountains, or even in the region about Lake
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Diuturna, so that although t recalled the blanket I had found
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he dead man's pack, I felt no need of it. My task had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 warmed me, the food I had eaten had invigorated me, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 for a time I strode up and down in the twilight, brandishing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the falchion when such warlike gestures accorded with my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thoughts but taking care to \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 keep the fire between the dead
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 man and myself.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 My memories have always appeared with the intensity, almost, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of hallucinations, as I have said often in this chronicle.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 That night I felt I might lose myself forever in them, making
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of my life a loop instea\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d of a line; and for once I did not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 resist the temptation but revelled in it Everything I have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 described to you came crowding back to me, and a thousand
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 things more. I saw Eata's face and his freckled hand when he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sought to slip between the bars of the gat\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e of the necropolis,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and the storm I had once watched impaled on the towers of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the Citadel, writhing and lashing out with its lightnings; 1
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 felt its rain, colder and fresher far than the morning cup in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 our refectory, trickle down my face. Dorcas's voice wh\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ispered
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in my ears: "Sitting in a window . . . trays and a rood. What
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 will you do, summon up some Erinys to destroy me?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Yes. Yes, indeed, I would have if I could. If I had been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Hethor, I would have drawn them from some horror behind
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the world, birds wit\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 h the heads of hags and the tongues of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 vipers. At my order they would have threshed the forests like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wheat and beaten cities flat with their great wings . . . and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 yet, if I could, I would have appeared at the final moment to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 save her\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 not walking coldly off\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  afterward in the way we all
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wish to do when, as children, we imagine ourselves rescuing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and humiliating the loved one who has given us some supposed 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 slight, but raising her in my arms.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Then for the first time, I think, I knew how terrible it must
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been for her, who had been hardly more than a child
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 when death had come, and who had been dead so long, to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have been called back.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 And thinking of that, I remembered the dead soldier
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 whose food I had eaten and whose sword I held, and I paused
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and listened\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  to hear if he drew breath or stirred. Yet I was so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lost in the worlds of memory that it seemed to me the soft
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 forest earth under my feet had come from the grave Hildegrin 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the Badger had despoiled for Vodalus, and the whisper
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the leaves was the soughin\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 g of the cypresses in our necropolis 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and the rustle of the purple-flowered roses, and that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I listened, listened in vain for breath from the dead woman
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Vodalus had lifted with the rope beneath her arms, lifted in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 her white shroud.    
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 At last, the croaki\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ng of a nightjar brought me to myself. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seemed to see the soldiers white face staring at me, and went
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 around the fire and searched until I found the blanket, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 draped his corpse with it.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Dorcas belonged, as I now realized, to that vast group of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 women \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 (which may, indeed, include all women) who betray
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 us\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 and to that special type who betray us not for some present 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rival but for their own pasts-Just as Morwenna, whom I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had executed at Saltus, must have poisoned her husband and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 her child because she recall\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ed a time in which she was free
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and, perhaps, virginal, sc Dorcas had left me because I had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not existed (had, as she must unconsciously have seen it,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 failed to exist) in that time before her doom fell upon her.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 (For me, also, that is the golden time, I t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hink I must have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 treasured the memory of the crude, kindly boy who fetched
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 books and blossoms to my cell largely because I knew him to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 be the last love before the doom, the doom that was not, as I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 learned in that prison, the moment at which the tapestry wa\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cast over me to muffle my outcry, nor my arrival at the Old
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Citadel in Nessus, nor the slam of the cell door behind me,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nor even the moment when, bathed in such a light as never
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shines on Urth, I felt my body rise in rebellion against me\hich\f2 \emdash 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but that instan\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t in which I drew the blade of the greasy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 paring knife he had brought, cold and mercifully sharp, across
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my own neck. Possibly we all come to such a time, and it is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the will of the Caitanya that each damn herself for what she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 has done. Yet can we be hated \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 so much? Can we be hated at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 all? Not when I can still remember his kisses on my breasts,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 given, not breathing to taste the perfume of my flesh\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Aphrodisius's were, and that young man's, the nephew of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 chiliarch of the Companions\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 but as though he were \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 truly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hungry for my flesh. Was something watching us? He has
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eaten of me now. Awakened by the memory, I lift my hand
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and run fingers through his hair.)
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I slept late, wrapped in my cloak. There is a payment made
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 by Nature to those who undergo hardships; it\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  is that the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lesser ones, at which people whose lives have been easier
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would complain, seem almost comfortable. Several times be-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fore I actually rose, I woke and congratulated myself to think
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 how easily I had spent this night compared to those I had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 endur\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ed in the mountains.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 At last the sunlight and the singing birds brought me to
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 myself. On the other side of our dead fire, the soldier shifted
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and, I think, murmured something. I sat up. He had thrown
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the blanket aside and lay with his face to the sky. It \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pale face with sunken cheeks; there were dark shadows be-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 neath the eyes and deeply cut lines running from the mouth;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but it was a living face. The eyes were truly closed, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 breath sighed in the nostrils.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 For a moment I was tempted to run before h\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e woke. I had
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 his falchion still\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 I started to replace it, then took it back for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fear he would attack me with it. His coutel still protruded
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from the tree, making me think of Agia's crooked dagger in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the shutter of Casdoe's house. I thrust it back into the \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sheath
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at his belt, mostly because I was ashamed to think that I,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 armed with a sword, should fear any man with a knife.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 His eyelids fluttered, and I drew away, remembering a time
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 when Dorcas had been frightened to find me bending over
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 her when she woke. \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 So that I should not appear a dark figure,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I pushed back my cloak to show my bare arms and chest,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 browned now by so many days' suns. I could hear the sighing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of his breath; and when it changed from sleep to waking, it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seemed to me a thing almost as miracul\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ous as the passage
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from death to life.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Empty-eyed as a child, he sat up and looked about him.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 His lips moved, but only sound without sense came forth. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 spoke to him, trying to make my tone friendly. He listened
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but did not seem to understand, and I reca\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lled how dazed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the uhlan had been, whom I had revived on the road to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 House Absolute.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I wished that I had water to offer him, but I had none. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 drew out a piece of the salt meat I had taken from his pack,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 broke it into two, and shared that with him in\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stead.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He chewed and seemed to feel a little better. "Stand up,"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I said. "We must find something to drink." He took my hand
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and allowed me to pull him erect, but he could hardly stand.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 His eyes, which had been so calm at first, grew wilder as they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 became\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  more alert. I had the feeling that he feared the trees
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 might rush upon us like a pride of lions, yet he did not draw
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 his coutel or attempt to reclaim the falchion.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 When we had taken three or four steps, he tottered and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nearly fell. I let him lean upon m\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 y arm, and together we
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 made our way through the wood to the road.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 III
\par }{\dbch\af23 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Through Dust
\par }{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I DID NOT KNOW whether we should turn north or south.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Somewhere to the north lay the Ascian army, and it was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 possible that if we came too near the lines we would be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 c\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 aught up in some swift maneuver. Yet the farther south we
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 went, the less likely we were to find anyone who would help
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 us, and the more probable it became that we would be arrested 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as deserters. In the end I turned northward; no doubt
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I acted largely from \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 habit, and I am still not sure if I did well
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 or ill.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The dew had already dried upon the road, and it\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s dusty
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 surface showed no footprints. To either side, for three paces
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 or more, the vegetation was a uniform grey. We soon passed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 out of the forest. The r\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 oad wound down a hill and over a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bridge that vaulted a small river at the bottom of a rock-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 strewn valley.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 We left it there and went down to the water to drink and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bathe our faces. I had not shaved since I had turned my back
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 on Lake Diuturna, and though \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had noticed none when I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 took the flint and striker from the soldier's pocket, I ventured
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to ask him if he carried a razor.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I mention this trifling incident because it was the first
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thing I said to him that he seemed to comprehend. He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nodded, then reach\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ing under his hauberk produced one of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 those little blades that country people use, razors their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 smiths grind from the halves of worn oxshoes. I touched it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 up on the broken whetstone I still carried and stropped it on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the leg of my boot, then asked if he ha\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d soap. If he did, he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 failed to understand me, and after a moment he seated him-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 self on a rock from which he could stare into the water, re-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 minding me very much of Dorcas. I longed to question him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 about the fields of Death, to learn all that he remembere\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that time that is, perhaps, dark only to us. Instead, I washed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my face in the cold river water and scraped my cheeks and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 chin as well as I could. When I sheathed his razor and tried
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to return it to him, he did not seem to know what to do with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it, so I\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  kept it.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 For most of the rest of that day we walked. Several times
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we were stopped and questioned; more often we stopped
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 others and questioned them. Gradually I developed an elaborate 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lie: I was the lictor of a civil judge who accompanied the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Autarch; \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we had encountered this soldier on the road, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my master had ordered me to see that he was cared for; he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 could not speak, and so I did not know what unit he was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from. That last was true enough.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 We crossed other roads and sometimes followed them.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Twice \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we reached great camps where tens of thousands of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 soldiers lived in cities of tents. At each, those who tended the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sick told me that though they would have bandaged my companion's 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wounds had he been bleeding, they could not take
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 responsibility for him as \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he was. By the time I spoke to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 second, I no longer asked the location of the Pelerines but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 only to be directed to a place where we might find shelter. It
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was nearly night.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "There is a lazaret three leagues from here that may take
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you in." My informan\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t looked from one of us to the other,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and seemed to have almost as much sympathy for me as for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the soldier, who stood mute and dazed. "Co west and north
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 until you see a road to the tight that passes between two big
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 trees. It is about half as wide as the on\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e you will have been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 following. Go down that. Are you armed?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I shook my head; I had put the soldier's falchion back in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 his scabbard. "I was forced to leave my sword behind with my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 master's servants\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 I couldn't have carried it and managed this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 man too."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Then you must beware of beasts. It would be better if
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you had something that would shoot, but I can't give you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 anything."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I fumed to go, but he stopped me with a hand on my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shoulder.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Leave him if you're attacked," he said. "And if you're
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 forced to l\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eave him, don't feel too badly about it. I've seen
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cases like his before. He's not likely to recover."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "He has already recovered," I told him.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Although this man would not allow us to stay or lend me a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 weapon, he did provide us with something to eat; an\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d I departed 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with more cheerfulness than I had felt for some time.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 We were in a valley where the western hills had risen to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 obscure the sun a watch or more before. As I walked along
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 beside the soldier, I discovered that it was no longer necessary 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 for me \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to hold his arm. I could release it, and he continued 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to walk at my side like any friend. His face was not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 really like Jonas's, which had been long and narrow, but once
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 when I saw it sidelong I caught something there so reminiscent 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of Jonas that I felt a\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lmost that I had seen a ghost.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The grey road was greenish-white in the moonlight; the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 trees and brush to either side looked black. As we strode
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 along I began to talk. Partially, I admit, it was from sheer
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 loneliness; yet I had other reasons as well. Unque\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stionably
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 there are beasts, like the alzabo, who attack men as foxes do
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fowls, but I have been told that there are many others who
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 will flee if they are warned in time of human presence. Then
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 too, I thought that if I spoke to the soldier as I might have to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 any other man, any ill-intentioned persons who heard us
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would be less apt to guess how unlikely he was to resist them.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Do you recall last night?" I began. "You slept very
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 heavily."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 There was no reply.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Perhaps I never told you this, but I have the fa\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cility of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 recalling everything. I can't always lay hands on it when I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 want, but it is always there; some memories, you know, are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 like escaped clients wandering through the oubliette. One
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 may not be able to produce them on demand, but they are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 always there,\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  they cannot get away.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Although, come to think of it, that isn't entirely true.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The fourth and lowest level of our oubliette has been abandoned
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 there are never enough clients to fill the topmost
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 three anyway, and perhaps eventually Master Gurloes will
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 g\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ive up the third. We only keep it open now for the mad
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ones that no official ever comes to see. If they were in one of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the higher levels, their noise would disturb the others. Not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 all of them are noisy, of course. Some are as quiet as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 yourself."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Again th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ere was no reply. In the moonlight I could not tell
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 if be was paying attention to me, but remembering the razor
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I persevered.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I went that way myself once. Through the fourth level, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mean. I used to have a dog, and I kept him there, but he ran
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 away. I w\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ent after him and found a tunnel that left our
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 oubliette. Eventually I crawled out of a broken pedestal in a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 place called the Atrium of Time. It was full of sundials. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 met a young woman there who was really more beautiful
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 than anyone I've ever seen since\hich\f2 \emdash \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 more lovely even than
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Jolenta, I think, though not in the same way."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The soldier said nothing, yet now something told me he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 heard me; perhaps it was no more than a slight movement of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 his head seen from a corner of my eye.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Her name was Valeria, and I t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hink she was younger than
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I, although she seemed older. She had dark, curling hair, like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Thecla's, but her eyes were dark too. Thecla's were violet.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 She had the finest skin I have ever seen, like rich milk mixed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with the juice of pomegranates and strawberr\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ies.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "But I didn't set out to talk about Valeria, but about
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Dorcas. Dorcas is lovely too, though she is very thin, almost
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 like a child. Her face is a peri's, and her complexion is flecked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with freckles like bits of gold. Her hair was long before she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cut \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it; she always wore flowers there."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I paused again. I had continued to talk of women because
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that seemed to have caught his attention^ Now I could not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 say if he were still listening or not.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Before I left Thrax I went to see Dorcas. It was in her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 room,\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  in an inn called the Duck's Nest. She was in bed and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 naked, but she kept the sheet over herself, just as if we had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 never slept together\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 we who had walked and ridden so far,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 camping in places where no voice had been heard since the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 land was called up from \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the sea, and climbing hills where no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 feet had ever walked but the sun's. She was leaving me and I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 her, and neither of us really wished it otherwise, though at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the last she was afraid and asked me to come with her after
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 all.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "She said she thought the Claw\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  had the same power over
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 time that Father Inire's mirrors are said to have over distance. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I didn't think much of the remark then\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 I'm not really
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a very intelligent man, I suppose, not a philosopher at ail-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but now I find it interesting. She told me, 'When \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 brought the uhlan back to life it was because the Claw
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 twisted time for him to the point at which he still lived.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 When you half-healed your friend's wounds, it was because it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bent the moment to one when they would be nearly healed.'
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Don't you think tha\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t's interesting? A little while after I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pricked your forehead with the Claw, you made a strange
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sound. I think it may have been your death rattle."
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I waited. The soldier did not speak, but quite unexpectedly 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I felt his hand on my shoulder. I had been tal\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 king
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 almost flippantly; his touch brought home to me the seriousness 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of what I had been saying. If it were true\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 or even
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 some trifling approximation to the truth\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 then I had toyed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with powers I understood no better than Casdoe's son, whom
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had tried to mak\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e my own, would have understood the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 giant ring that took his life.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "No wonder then that you're dazed. It must be a terrible
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thing to move backward in time, and still more terrible to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pass backward through death. I was about to say that it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would be like b\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eing born again; but it would be much worse
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 than that, I think, because an infant lives already in his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mother's womb." I hesitated. "I... Thecia, I mean ... never
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bore a child."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Perhaps only because I had been thinking of his confusion,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I found I was con\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fused myself, so that I scarcely knew who I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was. At last I said lamely, "You must excuse me. When I'm
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tired, and sometimes when I'm near sleep, I come near to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 becoming someone else." (For whatever reason, his grip on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my shoulder tightened when I said that.\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ) "It's a long story
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that has nothing to do with you. I wanted to say that in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Atrium of Time, the breaking of the pedestal had tilted the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dials so their gnomons no longer pointed true, and I have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 heard that when that happens, the watches of day stop, o\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 r
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 run backward for some part of each day. You carry a pocket
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dial, so you know that for it to tell time truly you must direct
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 its gnomon toward the sun. The sun remains stationary while
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Urth dances about him, and it is by her dancing that we
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 know the time,\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  just as a deaf man might still beat out the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rhythm of a tarantella by observing the swaying of the dancers. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 But what if the sun himself were to dance? Then, too,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the march of the moments might become a retreat.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I don't know if you believe in the New S\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 un\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 I'm not sure
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I ever have. But if he will exist, he will be the Conciliator
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 come again, and thus Conciliator and New Sun are only two
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 names for the same individual, and we may ask why that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 individual should be called the New Sun. What do you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 think? Might\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  it not be for this power to move time?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Now I felt indeed that time itself had stopped. Around us
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the trees rose dark and silent; night had freshened the air. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Could think of nothing more to say, and I was ashamed to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 talk nonsense, because I felt someh\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ow that the soldier had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been listening attentively to all I had said. Before us I saw
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 two pines far thicker through their trunks than the others
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lining the road, and a pale path of white and green that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 threaded its way between them. "There!" I exclaimed.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 But when we reached them, I had to halt the soldier with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my hands and turn him by the shoulders before he followed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me. I noticed a dark splatter in the dust and bent to touch it.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 It was clotted blood. "We are on the right road," I told
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 him. "They have b\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 een bringing the wounded here."
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 IV
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Fever}{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I CANNOT SAY how far we walked, or how far worn the night
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was before we reached our destination. I know that I began
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to stumble some time after we turned aside from the main
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 road, and that it became a sort \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of disease to me; just as some
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sick men cannot stop coughing and others cannot keep their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hands from shaking, so I tripped, and a few steps farther on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tripped again, and then again. Unless I thought of nothing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 else, the toe of my left boot caught at my rig\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ht heel, and I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 could not concentrate my mind\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 my thoughts ran off with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 every step I took.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Fireflies glimmered in the trees to either side of the path,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and for a long time I supposed that the lights ahead of us
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 were only more such insects and did not hurry\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  my pace.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Then, very suddenly as it seemed to me, we were beneath
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 some shadowy roof where men and women with yellow lamps
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 moved up and down between long rows of shrouded cots. A
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 woman in clothes I supposed were black took charge of us
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and led us to another\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  place where there were chairs of leather
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and horn, and a fire burned in a brazier. There I saw that her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gown was scarlet, and she wore a scarlet hood, and for a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 .moment I thought that she was Cyriaca.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Your friend is very ill, isn't he?" she said. "Do yo\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 u know
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 what is the matter with him?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 And the soldier shook his head and answered, "No. I'm
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not even sure who he is."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I was too stunned to speak. She took my hand, then re-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 leased it and took the soldier's. "He has a fever. So do you.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Now that the heat \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of summer is come, we see more disease
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 each day. You should have boiled your water and kept your-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 selves as clean of lice as you could."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 She turned to me. "You have a great many shallow cuts
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 too, and some them are infected. Rock shards?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I managed to s\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ay, "I'm not the one who is ill. I brought my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 friend here."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You are both ill, and I suspect you brought each other. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 doubt that either of you would have reached us without the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 other. Was it rock shards? Some weapon of the enemy's?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Rock shards, yes.\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  A weapon of a friend's."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "That is the worst thing, I am told\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 to be fired upon by
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 your own side. But the fever is the chief concern." She hesitated, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 looking from the soldier to me and back. "I'd like to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 put you both in bed now, but you'll have to go to \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the bath
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 first,"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 She clapped her hands to summon a burly man with a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shaven head. He took our arms and began to lead us away,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 then stopped and picked me lip, carrying me as I had once
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 carried little Severian. In a few moments we were naked and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sitting in \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a pool of water heated by Stones. The burly man
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 splashed more water over us, then made us get out one at a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 time so he could crop our hair with a pair of shears. After
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that we were left to soak awhile.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You can speak now," I said to the soldier.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I saw h\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 im nod in the lamplight
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Why didn't you, then, when we were coming here?"
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 He hesitated, and his shoulders moved a trifle. \'93\loch\f2 I was
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thinking of many things, and you didn't talk yourself. You
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seemed so tired. Once I asked if we shouldn't stop, but you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 didn'\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t answer."                                       
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I said, "It seemed to me otherwise, but perhaps we are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 both correct. Do you recall what happened to you before you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 met me?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Again there was a pause. "I don't even remember meeting
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you. We were walking do\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wn a dark path, and you were beside me."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "And before that?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I don't know. Music, perhaps, and walking a long way. In
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sunshine at first but later through the dark."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "That walking was while you were with me," I said. "Don't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you recall anything else?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Fl\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ying through the dark. Yes, I was with you, and we
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 came to a place where the sun hung just above our heads.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 There was a light before us, but when I stepped into it, it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 became a kind of darkness."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I nodded. "You weren't wholly rational, you see. On a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 warm\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  day it can seem that the sun's just overhead, and when
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it is down behind the mountains it seems the light becomes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 darkness. Do you recall your name?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 At that he thought for several moments, and at last smiled
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ruefully. "I lost it somewhere along the way\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 . That's what the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 jaguar said, who had promised to guide the goat."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The burly man with the shaven head had come back with-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 out either of us noticing. He helped me out of the pool and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gave me a towel with which to dry myself, a robe to wear, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a canvas \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sack containing my possessions, which now smelled
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 strongly of the smoke of fumigation. A day earlier it would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have tormented me nearly to frenzy to have the Claw out of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my possession for an instant. That night I had hardly realized
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it was gone until it was\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  returned to me, and I did not verify
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that it had indeed been returned until I lay on one of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cots under a veil of netting. The Claw shone in my hand
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 then softly as the moon; and it was shaped as the moon
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sometimes is. I smiled to think that its floodi\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ng light of pale
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 green is the reflection of the sun.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 On the first night I slept in Saltus, I had awakened thinking
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I was in the apprentices dormitory in our tower. Now I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had the same experience in reverse: I slept and found in sleep
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that the shadowy laza\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ret with its silent figures and moving
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lamps had been no more than a hallucination of the day.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I sat up and looked around. I felt well\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 better, in fact, than
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had ever felt before; but I was warm. I seemed to glow from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 within. Roche was sleeping on his s\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ide, his red hair tousled
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and his mouth slightly open, his face relaxed and boyish with-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 out the energy of his mind behind it. Through the port I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 could see snow drifts in the Old Court, new-fallen snow that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 showed no tracks of men or their animals; but it \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 occurred to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me that in the necropolis there would be hundreds of foot-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 prints already as the small creatures who found shelter there,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the pets and the playmates of the dead, came out to search
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 for food and to disport themselves in the new landscape Nature 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had bestowed on them. I dressed quickly and silently,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 holding my finger to my own lips when one of the other
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 apprentices stirred, and hurried down the steep stair that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wound through the centre of the tower.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 It seemed longer than usual, and I found I had\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  difficulty in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 going from step to step. We are always aware of the hindrance 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of gravity when we climb stairs, but we take for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ranted the assistance it gives us when we descend. Now that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 assistance had been withdrawn, or nearly so. I had to force
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 each foot\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  down, but do it in a way that prevented it from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sending me shooting up when it struck the step, as it would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have if I had stamped. In that uncanny way we know things
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in dreams, I understood that all the towers of the Citadel
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had risen at last and were on \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 their voyage beyond the circle
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of Dis. I felt happy in the knowledge, bat I still desired to go
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 into the necropolis and track the coatis and foxes, I was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hurrying down as fast as I could when I heard a groan. The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stairway no longer descended as it should b\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ut led into a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cabin, just as the stairs in Baldanders's castle had stretched
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 down the walls of its chambers.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 This was Master Malrubius's sickroom. Masters are entitled 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to spacious quarters; still, this was larger by far than the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 actual cabin had been. Th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ere were two ports just as I remembered, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but they were enormous\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 the eyes of Mount Typhon.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Master Malrubius's bed was very large, yet it seemed lost in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the immensity of the room. Two figures bent over him.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Though their clothing was dark, it struck me that \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it was not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the fuligin of the guild. I went to them, and when I was so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 near I could hear the sick man's laboured breathing, they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 straightened up and turned to look at me. They were the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Cumaean and her acolyte Merryn, the witches we had met
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 atop the tomb in\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  the ruined stone town.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Ah, sister, you have come at last," Merryn said.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 As she spoke, I realized that I was not, as I bad thought,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the apprentice Severian. I was Thecia as she had been when
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 she was his height, which is to say at about the age of thirteen
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Of fourteen. I felt an intense embarrassment\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 not because of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my girl's body or because I was wearing masculine clothes
\par \{\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 which indeed I rather enjoyed) but because I had been unaware 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of it previously. I also felt that Merryn's words had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been an act of magi\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 c\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 that both Severian and I had been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 present before, and that she had by some means driven him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 into the background. The Cumaean kissed me on the fore-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 head, and when the kiss was over wiped blood from her lips.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Although she did not speak, I knew this was a \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 signal that I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had in some sense become the soldier too.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "When we sleep," Merryn told me, "we move from temporality 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to eternity."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "When we wake," the Cumaean whispered, "we lose the
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 facility to See beyond the present moment."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "She never wakes," Merryn boa\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sted.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Master Malrubius stirred and groaned, and the Cumaean
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 took a carafe of water from the table by his bed and poured a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 little into a tumbler. When she set down the carafe again,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 something living stirred in it. I, for some reason, thought it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the undine; \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I drew back, but it was Hethor, no higher than
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my hand, his grey, stubbled face pressed against the glass.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I heard his voice as one might hear the squeaking of mice:
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Sometimes driven aground by the photon storms, by the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 swirling of the galaxies, clockwis\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e and counter clockwise, ticking 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with light down the dark sea-corridors lined with our silver 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sails, our demon-haunted mirror sails, our hundred-league
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 masts as fine as threads, as fine as silver needles sewing the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 threads of starlight, embroidering the \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stars on black velvet,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wet with the winds of Time that goes racing by. The bone in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 her teeth! The spume, the flying spume of Time, cast up on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 these beaches where old sailors can no longer keep their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bones from the restless, the unwearied universe. Where ha\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 she gone? My lady, the mate of my soul? Gone across the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 running tides of Aquarius, of Pisces, of Aries. Gone. Gone in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 her little boat, her nipples pressed against the black velvet\hich\f2 \emdash 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lid, gone, sailing away forever from the star-washed shores,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the dry shoa\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ls of the habitable worlds. She is her own ship,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 she is the figurehead of her own ship, and the captain. Bosun,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Bosun, put out the launch! Sailmaker, make a sail! She has
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 left us behind; We have left her behind. She is in the past we
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 never knew and the fut\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ure we will not see. Put out more sail,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Captain, for the universe is leaving us behind. . . ."
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 There was a bell on the table beside the carafe. Merryn
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rang it as though to overpower Hethor's voice, and wfien
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Master Malrubius had moistened his lips with th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e tumbler,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 she took it from the Cumaean, flung what remained of its
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 water on the-floor, and inverted it over the neck of the carafe.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Hethor was silenced, but the water spread over the floor,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bubbling as though fed by a hidden spring. It was icy cold. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tho\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ught vaguely that my governess would be angry because
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my shoes were wet.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 A maid was coming in answer to the ring\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 Thecla's maid,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 whose flayed leg I had inspected the day after I had saved
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Vodalus. She was younger, as young as she must have been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 when Thecia\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  was actually a girl, but her leg had been flayed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 already and ran with blood. "I am so sorry,\'94\loch\f2  I said. "I am so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sorry, Hunna. I didn't do it\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 it was Master Gurloes, and some
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 journeymen\'94
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Master Malrubius sat up in bed, and for the first time I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 observed tha\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t his bed was in actuality a woman's hand, with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fingers longer than my arm and nails like talons. "You're
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 well!" he said, as though I were the one who had been dying.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Or nearly well, at least." The fingers of the hand began to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 close upon him, but he leape\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d from the bed and into water
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that was now knee high to stand beside me.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 A dog\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 my old dog Triskele\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 had apparently been hiding
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 beneath the bed, or perhaps only lying on the farther side of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it, out of sight. Now he came to us, splashing the water with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 his \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 single forepaw as he drove his broad chest through it and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 barking joyously. Master Malrubius took my right hand and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the Cumaean my left; together they led me to one of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 great eyes of the mountain.
\par \tab 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I saw the view I had seen when Typhon had led me ther\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The world rolled out like a carpet and visible in its entirety.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 This time it was more magnificent by far. The sun was be-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hind us; its beams seemed to have multiplied their strength,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Shadows were alchemised to gold, and every green thing grew
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 darker and\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  stronger as I looked. I could see the grain ripening
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in the fields and even the myriad fish of the sea doubling and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 redoubling with the increase of the tiny surface plants that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sustained them. Water from the room behind us poured
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from the eye and, catchin\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 g the light, fell in a rainbow.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Then I woke.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 While I slept, someone had wrapped me in sheets packed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with snow. (I learned later that it was brought down from the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mountaintops by sure-footed sumpters.) Shivering, I longed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to return to my dream, though I \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was already half-aware of
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the immense distance that separated us. The bitter taste of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 medicine was in my mouth, the stretched canvas felt as hard,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as a floor beneath me, and scarlet-clad Pelerines with lamps
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 moved to and fro, tending men and women who gro\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 aned in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the dark.
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 V
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Lazaret
\par }{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I DO NOT BELIEVE I really slept again that night, though I may
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have dozed. When dawn came, the snow had melted. Two
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Pelerines took the sheets away, gave me a towel with which
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to dry myself, and brought dry bedding. I \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wanted to give the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 daw to them then\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 my possessions were in the bag under my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cot\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 but the moment seemed inappropriate. I lay down instead, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and now that it was daylight, slept.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I woke again about noon. The lazaret was as quiet as it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ever became; somewhere f\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ar off two men were talking and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 another cried out, but their voices only emphasized the stillness. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I sat up and looked around, hoping to see the soldier.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 On my right lay a man whose close-cropped scalp made me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 think at first that he was one of the slaves \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the Pelerines. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 called to him, but when he turned his head to look at me, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 saw I had been mistaken.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 His eyes were emptier than any human eyes I had ever
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seen, and they seemed to watch spirits invisible to me.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Glory to the Group of Seventeen," he sa\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 id.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Good morning. Do you know anything about the way this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 place is run?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 A shadow appeared to cross his face, and I sensed that my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 question had somehow made him suspicious. He answered,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "All endeavours are conducted well or ill precisely in so far as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ey conform to Correct Thought."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Another man was brought in at the same time I was. I'd.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 like to talk to him. He's a friend of mine, more or less."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Those who do the will of the populace are friends,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 though we have never spoken to them. Those who do not\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  do
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the will of the populace are enemies, though we learned together 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as children."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The man on my left called, "You won't get anything out
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of him. He's a prisoner."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I turned to look at him. His face, though wasted nearly to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a skull, retained something of\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  humour. His stiff, black hair
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 looked as though it had not seen a comb for months.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "He talks like that all the time. Never any other way. Hey,
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you! We're going to beat you!"
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The other answered, "For the Armies of the Populace,
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 defeat is the springboard of\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  victory, and victory the ladder to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 further victory."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 "He makes a lot more sense than most of them, though,\'94
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the man on my left told me.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You say he's a prisoner. What did he do?"
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Do? Why, he didn't die."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I'm afraid I don't understand. Was he selected fo\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 r some
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 kind of suicide mission?"
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The patient beyond the man on my left sat up\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 a young
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 woman with a thin but lovely face. "They all are," she said.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "At least, they can't go home until the war is won, and they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 know, really, that it will never be won."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Exte\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rnal battles are already won when internal struggles
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 are conducted with Correct Thought"
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I said, "He's an Ascian, then. That's what you meant I've
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 never seen one before."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Most of them die," the black-haired man told me.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "That's what I said."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I didn't kn\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ow they spoke our language."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "They don't. Some officers who came here to talk to him
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 said they thought he'd been an interpreter. Probably he questioned 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 our soldiers when they were captured. Only he did
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 something wrong and had to go back to the ranks."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 T\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he young woman said, "I don't think he's really mad.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Most of them are. What's your name?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I'm sorry, I should have introduced myself. I'm Severian."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I almost added that I was a lictor, but I knew neither of them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would talk to me if I told them that.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 'm Foila, and this is Melito. I was of the Blue Huzzars,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he a hoplite."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You shouldn't talk nonsense," Melito growled. "I am a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hoplite. You are a huzzar."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I thought he appeared much nearer death than she.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I'm only hoping we will be discharged when we're\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  well
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 enough to leave this place," Foila said.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "And what will we do then? Milk somebody else's cow and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 herd his pigs?" Melito fumed to me. "Don't let her talk
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 deceive you\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 we were volunteers, both of us. I was about to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 be promoted when I was wounded, and w\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hen I'm promoted
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 ll be able to support a wife."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Foila called, "I haven't promised to marry you!"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Several beds away, someone said loudly, "Take her so she'll
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shut up about it!"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 At that, the patient in the bed beyond Foila's sat up. "She
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 will marry me."\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  He was big, fair skinned, and pale haired, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he spoke with the deliberation characteristic of the icy isles
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the south. "I am Hallvard."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Surprising me, the Ascian prisoner announced, "United,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 men and women are stronger; but a brave woman desires
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 chi\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ldren, and not husbands."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Foila said, "They fight even when they're pregnant\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 I've
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seen them dead on the battlefield."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "The roots of the tree are the populace. The leaves fall,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but the tree remains."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I asked Melito and Foila if the Ascian were composing\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 remarks or quoting some literary source with which I was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 unfamiliar.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Just making it up, you mean?" Foila asked. "No. They
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 never do that. Everything they say has to be taken from an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 approved text. Some of them don't talk at all. The rest have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thousa\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nds\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 1 suppose actually tens or hundreds of thousands 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of those tags memorized."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "That's impossible," I said.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Melito shrugged. He had managed to prop himself up on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 one elbow. "They do it, though. At least, that's what every-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 body says. Foila knows more \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 about them than I do."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Foila nodded. "In the light cavalry, we do a lot of scouting,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and sometimes we're sent out specifically to take prisoners.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 You don't learn anything from talking to most of them, but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 just the same the General Staff can tell a good d\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eal from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 their equipment and physical condition. On the northern
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 continent, where they come from, only the smallest children
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ever talk the way we do."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I thought of Master Gurioes conducting the business of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 our guild. "How could they possibly say somethin\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 g like Take
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 three apprentices and unload that wagon'?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "They wouldn't say that at all\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 just grab people by the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shoulder, point to the wagon, and give them a push. If they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 went to work, fine. If they didn't, then the leader would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 quote something about the \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 need for labour to ensure victory,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with several witnesses present. If the person he was talking to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 still wouldn't work after that, then he would have him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 killed\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 probably just by pointing to him and quoting some-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thing about the need to eliminate the enemie\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s of the populace."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Ascian said, "The cries of the children are the cries of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 victory. Still, victory must learn wisdom."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Foila interpreted for him. "That means that although children 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 are needed, what they say is meaningless. Most Ascians
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would cons\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ider us mute even if we learned their tongue,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 because groups of words that are not approved texts are with-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 out meaning for them. If they admitted\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 even to them-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 selves\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 that such talk meant something, then it would be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 possible for them to hear disloyal rema\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rks, and even to make
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 them. That would be extremely dangerous. As long as they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 only understand and quote approved texts, no one can accuse
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 them."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I turned my head to look at the Ascian. It was clear that he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had been listening attentively, but I could not\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  be certain of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 what his expression meant beyond that. "Those who write
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the approved texts," I told him, "cannot themselves be quoting 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from approved texts as they write. Therefore even an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 approved text may contain elements of disloyalty."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Correct Though\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t is the thought of the populace. The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 populace cannot betray the populace or the Group of Seventeen."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Foila called, "Don't insult the populace or the Group of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Seventeen. He might try to kill himself. Sometimes they do."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Will he ever be normal?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I've h\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eard that some of them eventually come to talk
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 more or less the way we do, if that's what you mean."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I could think of nothing to say to that, and for some time
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we were quiet. There are long periods of silence, I found, in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 such a place, where almost every\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 one is ill. We knew that we
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had watch after watch to occupy; that if we did not say what
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we wished to say that afternoon there would be another opportunity 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that evening and another again the next morning.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Indeed, anyone who talked as healthy people normal\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ly do-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 after a meal, for example\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 would have been intolerable.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 But what had been said had set me thinking of the north,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and I found I knew next to nothing about it. When I had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been a boy, scrubbing floors and running errands in the Citadel, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the war itself\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  had seemed almost infinitely remote. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 knew that most of the matrosses who manned the major batteries 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had taken part in it, but I knew it just as I knew that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the sunlight that fell upon my hand had been to the sun. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would be a torturer, and as a torture\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 r I would have no reason
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to enter the army and no reason to fear that I would be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 impressed into it. I never expected to see the war at the gates
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of Nessus (in fact, those gates themselves were hardly more
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 than legends to me), and I never expected to leave \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the city,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 or even to leave that quarter of the city that held the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Citadel.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The north, Ascia, was then inconceivably remote, a place
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as distant as the most distant galaxy, since both were forever
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 out of reach. Mentally, I confused it with the dying belt of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tropical vegetation that lay between our own land and theirs,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 although I would have distinguished the two without difficulty 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 if Master Palaemon had asked me to in the classroom.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 But of Ascia itself I had no idea. I did not know if it had
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 great cities or\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  none. I did not know if it was mountainous like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the northern and eastern parts of our Commonwealth or as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 level as our pampas. I did have the impression (though I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 could not be sure it was correct) that it was a single land
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mass, and not a chain of islands \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 like our south; and most
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 distinct of all, I had the impression of an innumerable people
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 our Ascian's populace\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 an inexhaustible swarm that almost 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 became a creature in itself, as a colony of ants does. To
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 think of those millions upon millions without speech\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 , or con-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fined to parroting proverbial phrases that must surely have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 long ago lost most of their meaning, was nearly more than
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the mind could bear. Speaking almost to myself, I said, "It
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 must surely be a trick, or a lie, or a mistake. Such a nation
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 could \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not exist."
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 And the Ascian, his voice no louder than my own had
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been, and perhaps even softer, answered, "How shall the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 state be most vigorous? It shall be most vigorous when it is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 without conflict. How shall it be without conflict? When it is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 without dis\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 agreement. How shall disagreement be banished?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 By banishing the four causes of disagreement: lies, foolish
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 talk, boastful talk, and talk which serves only to incite quarrels. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 How shall the four causes be banished? By speaking only
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Correct Thought. Then sh\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 all the state be without disagreement 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Being without disagreement it shall be without conflict. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Being without conflict it shall be vigorous, strong, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 secure,
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had been answered, and doubly.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 VI
\par }{\dbch\af23 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Miles, Foila, Melito, and Hallvard
\par }{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 THAT EVENING I \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fell prey to a fear I had been trying to put
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from my mind for some time. Although I had seen nothing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the monsters Hethor had brought from beyond the stars
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 since little Severian and I had escaped from the village of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sorcerers, I had not forgotten tha\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t he was searching for me.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 While I travelled in the wilderness or upon the waters of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Lake Diuturna, I had not been much afraid he would over-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 take me. Now I was travelling no longer, and I could feel the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 weakness in my limbs, for despite the food I had eat\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 en I was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 weaker than I had ever been while starving in the mountains.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Then too, I feared Agia almost more than Hethor's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 notules, his salamanders and slugs. I knew her courage, her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cleverness, and her malice. Any one of the scarlet-clad priest-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 esses of t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he Pelerines moving between the cots might easily
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 be she, with a poisoned stiletto beneath her gown. I slept
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 badly that night; but though I dreamed much, my dreams
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 were indistinct, and I will not attempt to relate them here.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I woke feeling less than rest\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ed. My fever, of which I had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hardly been conscious when I came to the lazaret, and which
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had seemed to subside on the day previous, returned. I felt
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 its heat in every limb\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 it seemed to me that I must glow, that
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the very glaciers of the south would melt i\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 f I came among
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 them. I took out the Claw and clasped it to me, and for a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 time even held it in my mouth. My fever sank again, but left
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me weak and dizzied.                              
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 That morning the soldier came to see me. He wore a white
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gown the Pel\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 erines had given him in place of his armour, but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he appeared wholly recovered, and told me he hoped to leave
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the next day. I said I would like to introduce him to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 acquaintances I had made in this part of the lazaret and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 asked if he now recalled his nam\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He shook his head. "I can remember very little. I am hoping 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that when I go among the units of the army I will find
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 someone there who knows me."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I introduced him anyway, calling him Miles since I could
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 think of nothing better. I did not know the Ascia\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 n's name
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 either and discovered that no one did, not even Foila. When
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we asked him what it was, he only said, "I am Loyal to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Group of Seventeen."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 For a time Foila, Melito, the soldier, and I chatted among
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ourselves. Melito seemed to like him very well\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 , though perhaps 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 only because of the similarity of the name I had given
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 him to his own. Then the soldier helped me into a sitting
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 posture, lowered his voice, and said, "Now I have to talk to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you privately. As I said, I think I will leave here in the morni\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ng. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 From what I have seen of you, you won't be getting out
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 for several days\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 maybe not for a couple of weeks. I may
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 never see you again."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Let us hope that isn't so."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I hope not either. But if I can find my legion, I may be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 killed by the time you're wel\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 l. And if I can't find it, I'll
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 probably go into another to keep from being arrested as a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 deserter." He paused.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I smiled. "And I may die here, of the fever. You didn't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 want to say that Do I look as bad as poor Melito?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He shook his head. "Not as bad, no\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 . I think you'll make
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it-"
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 That's what the thrush sang while the lynx chased the
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hare around the bay tree."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Now it was his turn to smile. "You're right; I was about to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 say that."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Is it a common expression in that part of the Common-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wealth where you we\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 re brought up?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The smile vanished. "I don't know. I can't remember
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 where my home is, and that's part of the reason I have to talk
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to you now. I remember walking down a road with you at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 night\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 that's the only thing I do remember, before I came
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 here. Where \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 did you find me?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "In a wood, I suppose about five or ten leagues south of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 here. Do you recall what I told you about the Claw as we
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 walked?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He shook his head. "I think I remember you mentioning
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 such a thing, but not what you said."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "What do you rememb\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 er? Tell me all of it, and I'll tell
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you what I know, and what I can guess."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Walking with you. A lot of darkness ... I fell, or maybe
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 flew through it. Seeing my own face, multiplied again and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 again. A girl with hair like red gold and enormous eyes."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "A \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 beautiful woman?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He nodded. "The most beautiful in the world."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Raising my voice, I asked if anyone had a mirror he would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lend us for a moment. Foila produced one from the possessions 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 beneath her cot, and I held it up for the soldier. "Is this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the face\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He hesitated. "I think so."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Blue eyes?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "... I can't be sure."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I returned the mirror to Foila. "I will tell you again what I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 told you on the road, and I wish we had a more private place
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in which to do it. Some time ago a talisman came into my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hand\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s. It came innocently, but it does not belong to me, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it is very valuable\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 sometimes, not always, but sometimes\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 has the power to heal the sick, and even to revive the dead.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Two days ago, as I was travelling north, I came across the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 body of a dead sold\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ier. It was in a forest, away from the road.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He had been dead less than a day; I would say its likely he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had died sometime during the preceding night. I was very
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hungry then, and I cut his pack straps and ate most of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 food he had been carrying with him.\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  Then I felt guilty about
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 doing that and got out the talisman and tried to restore him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to life. It has failed often before, and this time I thought for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a while it was going to fail again. It didn't, although he re-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 turned to life slowly and for a long time\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  did not seem to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 know where he was or what was happening to him."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "And I was that soldier?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I nodded, looking into his honest blue eyes.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "May I see the talisman?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I took it out and held it in the palm of my hand. He took
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it from me, examined both side\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s carefully, and tested the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 point against the ball of his finger. "It doesn't look magical,"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he said.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I'm not sure magical is the right term for it. I've met
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 magicians, and nothing they did reminded me of this or the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 way it acts. Sometimes it glows with \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 light\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 it's very faint now,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and I doubt if you can see it."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I can't. There doesn't seem to be any writing on it."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You mean spells or prayers. No, I've never noticed any,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and I've carried it a long way. I don't really know anything
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 about it except that i\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t acts at times; but I think it is probably
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the kind of thing spells and prayers are made with, and not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the kind that is made with them."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You said it didn't belong to you."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I nodded again. "It belongs to the priestesses here, the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Pelerines."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You just \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 came here. Two nights ago, when I did."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I came looking for them, to give it back. It was taken
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from them\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 not by me\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 some time ago, in Nessus."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "And you're going to return it?" He looked at me as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 though he somehow doubted it.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Yes, eventually."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He stood\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  up, smoothing his robe with his hands.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I said, "You don't believe me, do you? Not about any of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 It\'94
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "When I came here, you introduced me to the others
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nearby, the ones you'd talked with while you lay here on your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cot." He spoke slowly, seeming to ponder e\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 very word. "Of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 course I've met some people too, where they put me. There's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 one who isn't really wounded very badly. He's just a boy, a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 youngster off some small holding a long way from here, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he mostly sits on his cot and looks at the floor."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Homesick\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ?" I asked.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The soldier shook his head. "He had an energy weapon. A
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 korseke\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 that's what somebody told me. Are you familiar
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with them?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Not very."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "They project a beam straight forward, and at the same
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 time two quartering beams, forward left and forward\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  right.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Their range isn't great, but they say they're very good for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dealing with mass attacks, and I suppose they are."
\par \tab 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He looked about for a moment to see if anyone was listening, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but it is a point of honour in the lazaret to disregard
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 completely any \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 conversation not intended for oneself. If it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 were not so, the patients would soon be at each other's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 throats.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "His hundred was the target of one of those attacks. Most
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the others broke and ran. He didn't, and they didn't get
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 him. Another man told me t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 here were three walls of bodies
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in front of him. He had dropped them until the Ascians were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 climbing up to the top and jumping down at him. Then he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had backed away and piled them up again."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I said, "I suppose he got a medal and a promotion." I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 could not b\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e sure if it was my fever returning or merely the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 heat of the day, but I felt sticky and somehow suffocated.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "No, they sent him here. I told you he was only a boy from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the country. He had killed more people that day than he had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ever seen up to the time a \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 few months before when he went
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 into the army. He still hasn't gotten over it, and maybe he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 never will."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Yes?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "It seems to me you might be like that."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I don't understand you," I said.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You talk as if you've just come here from the south, and I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 suppo\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 se that if you've left your legion that's the safest way to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 talk. Just the same, anybody can see it isn't true\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 people
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 don't get cut up the way you are except where the fighting is.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 You were hit by rock splinters. That's what happened to you,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and the Peleri\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ne who spoke to us the first night we were here
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 saw that right away. So I think you've been north longer than
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you'll admit, and maybe longer than you think yourself. If
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you've killed a lot of people, it might be nice for you to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 believe you have a way to br\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ing them back."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I tried to grin at him. "And where does that leave you?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Where I am now. I'm not trying to say I owe you nothing. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had fever, and you found me. Maybe I was delirious. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 think it's more likely I was unconscious, and that let you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 think I\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  was dead. If you hadn't brought me here, I probably
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would have died."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He started to stand up; I stopped him with a hand on his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 arm. "There are some things I should tell you before you go,'
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I said. "About yourself."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You said you didn't know who I was."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I shook my head. "I didn't say that, not really. I said I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 found you in a wood two days ago. In the sense you mean, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 don't know who you are\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 but in another sense I think I may.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I think you're two people, and that I know one of them."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Nobody is two peop\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 le."      
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I am. I'm two people already. Perhaps more people are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 two than we know. The first thing I want to tell you is much
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 simpler, though. Now listen." I gave him detailed directions
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 for finding the wood again, and when I was certain he understood 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hem, I said, "Your pack is probably still there, with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the straps cut, so if you find the place you won't mistake it.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 There was a letter in your pack. I pulled it out and read a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 part -of it. It didn't carry the name of the person you were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 writing to, but if\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  you had finished it and were just waiting for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a chance to send it off, it should have at least a part of your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 name at the end. I put it on the ground and it blew a little
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and caught against a tree. It may still be possible for you to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 find it."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 His face \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had tightened. "You shouldn't have read it, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you shouldn't have thrown it away."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I thought you were dead, remember? Anyway, a good
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 deal was going on at the time, mostly inside my head. Per-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 haps I was getting feverish\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 I don't know. Now here's the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 othe\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 r part. You won't believe me, but it may be important
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that you listen. Will you hear me out?"
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He nodded.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Good. Have you heard of the mirrors of Father Inire? Do
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you know how they work?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I've heard of Father Inire's Mirror, but I couldn't tell you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 where\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  I heard about it. You're supposed to be able to step
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 into it, like you'd step into a doorway, and step out on a star.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I don't think it's real."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "The mirrors are real. I've seen them. Up until now I always 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thought of them in much the same way you did\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 as \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 if
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 they were a ship, but much faster. Now I'm not nearly so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sure. Anyway, a certain friend of mine stepped between those
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mirrors and vanished. I was watching him. It was no trick and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 no superstition; he went wherever the mirrors take you. He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 went because h\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e loved a certain woman, and he wasn't a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 whole man. Do you understand?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "He'd had an accident?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "An accident had had him, but never mind that. He told
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 me he would come back. He said, \'93\loch\f2 I will come back for her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 when I have been repaired, when, I am sane a\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 nd whole.\'94\loch\f2  I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 didn't quite know what to think when he said that, but now I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 believe he has come. It was I who revived you, and I had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been wishing for his return\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 perhaps that had something to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 do with it."                                             
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 There w\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as a pause. The soldier looked down at the trampled 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 soil on which the cots had been set, then up again at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me. "Possibly whenever a man loses his friend and gets another, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 he feels the old friend is with him again.\'94
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Jonas\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 that was his name\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 had a habit of\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  speech. When-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ever he had to say something unpleasant, he softened it,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 made a joke of it, by attributing what he said to some comic
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 situation. The first night we were here, when I asked you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 your name, you said, \'93\loch\f2 I lost it somewhere along the way.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 That's w\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hat the jaguar said, who had promised to guide the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 goat.' Do you recall that?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He shook his head. "I say a lot of foolish things."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "It struck me as strange; because it was the kind of thing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Jorias said, but he wouldn't have said it in that way unless he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 meant more by it than you seemed to. I think he would have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 said. That was the basket's story, that had been filled with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 water.' Something like that."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I waited for him to speak, but he did not.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "The jaguar ate the goat, of course. Swallowed its flesh and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cracked its bones, somewhere along the way."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Haven't you ever thought that it might be just the peculiarity 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of some town? Your friend might have come from the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 same place I do."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I said, "It was a time, I think, and not a place. Long ago,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 someone had t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 o disarm fear\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 the fear that men of flesh and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Mood might feel when looking into a face of steel and glass.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Jonas, I know you're listening. I don't blame you. The man
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was dead, and you still alive. I understand that. But Jonas,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Jolenta is gone\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 I watched her \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 die, and I tried to bring her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 back with the Claw, but I failed. Perhaps she was too artificial, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I don't know. You will have to find someone else."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The soldier rose. His face was no longer angry, but empty
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as a somnambulist's. He turned and left without \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 another
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 word.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 For perhaps a watch I lay on my cot with my hands behind
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my head, thinking of many things. Hallvard, Melito, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Fiola were talking among themselves, but I did not attend to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 what they said. When one of the Pelerines brought the noon
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 meal, M\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 elito got my ear by rapping his platter with a fork
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and announced, "Severian, we have a favor to ask of you."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I was eager to put my speculations behind me, and told
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 him I would help them in any way I could.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Foila, who had one of those radiant smiles Na\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ture grants
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to some women, smiled at me now. "It's like this. These two
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have been bickering over me all morning. If they were well
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 they could fight it out, but it will be a long time before they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 are, and I don't think I could stand it so long. Today I was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thinking of my mother and father, and how they used to sit
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 before the fire on long winter nights. If Hallvard and I marry,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 or Melito and I, someday we'll be doing that too. So I have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 decided to marry the best storyteller. Don't look at me as if I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 were mad\hich\f2 \emdash \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it's the only sensible thing I've done in my life.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Both of them want me, both are very handsome, neither has
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 any property, and if we don't settle this they'll kill each other
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 or I'll kill them both. You're an educated man\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 we can tell
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 by the way you talk. Y\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ou listen and judge. Hallvard first, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the stories have to be original, not out of books."
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Hallvard, who could walk a little, got up from his cot and
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 came to sit on the foot of Melito's.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 VII
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Hallvard\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s Story\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 The Two Sealers}{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "THIS is A true sto\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ry. I know many stories. Some are made up,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 though perhaps the made up ones were true in times every-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 one has forgotten. I also know many true ones, because many
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 strange things happen in the isles of the south that you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 northern people never dream of. I chos\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e this one because I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was there myself and saw and heard as much .of it as anyone
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 did.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I come from the easternmost of the southern isles, which
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 is called Glacies. On our isle lived a man and a woman, my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 grandparents, who had three sons. Their names were \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Anskar,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Hallvard, and Gundulf. Hallvard was my father, and when I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 grew large enough to help him on his boat, he no longer
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hunted and fished with his brothers. Instead, we two went
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 out so that all we caught could be brought home to my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mother, and my sisters\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  and younger brother.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "My uncles never married, and so they continued to share
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a boat. What they caught they ate themselves or gave to my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 grandparents, who were no longer strong. In the summer they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fanned my grandfather's land. He had the best on our isle\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the only valley that never felt the ice wind. You could grow
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 things there that would not ripen anywhere else on Glacies,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 because the growing season in this valley was two weeks
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 longer.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "When my beard was starting to sprout, my grandfather
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 called all th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e men of our family together\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 that was my father,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my two uncles, and myself. When we got to his house, my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 grandmother was dead, and the priest from the big isle was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 there to lay out her body. Her sons wept, as I did myself.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "That night, when we sat at my \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 grandfather's table, with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 him at one end and the priest at the other, he said, 'Now it is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 time that I dispose of my property. Bega is gone. Her family
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 has no more claim on it, and I shall follow her shortly. Hallvard 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 is married and has the portion that ca\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me to him from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 his wife. With that he provides for his family, and though
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 they have little to spare, they do not go hungry. You, Anskar.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 And you, Gundulf. Will you ever marry?'
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Both my uncles shook their heads.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "'Then this is my will. I call upon the Om\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nipotent to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hear, and I call upon the servants of the Omnipotent also.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 When I die, all that I have shall go to Anskar and Gundulf.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 If one die, it shall go to the other. When both are dead, it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shall go to Hallvard, or if Hallvard is dead, it shall be divide\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 among his sons. You four\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 if you do not agree my will is just,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 speak now.'
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "No one spoke, and thus it was decided.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "A year passed. A ship of Erebus came raiding out of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mists, and two ships put in for hides, sea ivory, and salt fish.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 My grandfather d\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ied, and my sister Fausta bore her girl.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 When the harvest was in, my uncles fished with the other
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 men.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "When spring comes in the south, it is still too early to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 plant, for there will be many freezing nights to come. But
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 when men see that the days are len\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gthening fast, they seek
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 out the rookeries where the seals breed. These are on rocks
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 far from any shore, there is much fog, and though they are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 growing longer, the days are still short. Often it is the men
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 who die and not the seals.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "And so it was with my\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  Uncle Anskar, for my Uncle Gun-
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dulf returned in their boat without him.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Now you must know that when our men go sealing, or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fishing, or hunting any other kind of sea game, they tie them-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 selves to their boats. The rope is of braided walrus hide, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  is long enough to let the man move about in the boat as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 much as is needful, but not longer. The sea water is very cold
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and soon kills whoever remains in it, but our men dress in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sealskin tight-sewn, and often a man's boat-mate can pull
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 him back and in tha\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t way save his life.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "This is the tale my Uncle Gundulf told. They had gone
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 far, seeking a rookery others had not visited, when Anskar
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 saw a bull seal swimming in the water. He cast his harpoon;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and when the seal sounded, a loop of the harpoon line had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 c\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 aught his ankle, so that he was dragged into the sea. He,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Gundulf, had tried to pull him out, for he was a very strong
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 man. But his pulling and the pulling of the seal on the har-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 poon line, which was tied to the base of the mast, had cap-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sized their boat\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 . Gundulf had saved himself by pulling
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 himself hand over hand back to it and cutting the harpoon
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 line with his knife. When the boat was righted he had tried
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to haul in Anskar, but the life rope had broken. He showed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the frayed rope end. My Uncle Anskar was\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  dead.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Among my people, women die on land but men at sea,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and therefore we call the kind of grave you make 'a woman's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 boat.' When a man dies as Uncle Anskar did, a hide is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stretched and painted for him and hung in the house where
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the men meet to talk. I\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t is never taken down until no man
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 living can recall the man who was honoured so. A hide like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that was prepared for Anskar, and the painters began their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 work.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Then one bright morning when my father and I were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 readying the tools to break ground for the n\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ew year's crop-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 well I remember it!\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 some children who had been sent to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gather birds' eggs came running into the village. A seal, they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 said, lay on the shingle of the south bay. As everyone knows,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 no seal comes to land where men are. But it sometimes happen\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that a seal will die at sea or be injured in some fashion.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Thinking of that, my father and I and many others ran to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 beach, for the seal would belong to the first whose weapon
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pierced it.     
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I was the swiftest of all, and I provided myself with \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 earth-fork. Such a thing does not throw well, but several
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 other young men were at my heels, so when I was a hundred
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 strides away I cast it. Straight and true it flew and buried its
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tines in the thing's back. Then followed such a moment as I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hope never t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 o see again. The weight of the fork's long handle
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 overbalanced it, and it rolled until the handle rested on the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ground.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I saw the face of my Uncle Anskar, preserved by the cold
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sea brine. His beard was tangled with the dark green kelp,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and his life rope\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  of stout walrus hide had been cut only a few
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 spans from his body.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "My Uncle Gundulf had not seen him, for he was gone to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the big isle. My father took Anskar up, and I helped him, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we carried him to Gundulf's house and put the end of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rope upon his\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  chest where Gundulf would see it, and with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 some other men of Glacies sat down to wait for him.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "He shouted when he saw his brother. It was not such a cry
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as a woman makes, but a bellow like the bull seal gives when
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he warns the other bulls from his herd\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 . He ran in the dark.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 We set a guard on the boats and hunted him that night
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 across the isle. The lights that spirits make in the ultimate
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 south flamed all night, so we knew Anskar hunted with us.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Brightest they flashed before they faded, when we found him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 among the rocks at Radbod's End."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Hallvard fell silent. Indeed, silence lay about us every-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 where. All the sick within hearing had been listening to him.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 At last Melito said, "Did you kill him?"
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "No. In the old days it was so, and a bad thing. Now the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 m\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ainland law avenges bloodguilt, which is better. We bound
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 his arms and legs and laid him in his house, and I sat with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 him while the older men readied the boats. He told me he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had loved a woman on the big isle. I never saw her, but he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 said her name was Nenn\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 oc, and she was fair, and younger
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 than he, but no man would have her because she had borne a 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 child by a man who had died the winter before. In the boat, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he had told Anskar he would carry Nennoc home, and Anskar 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 called him oath-breaker. My Uncle Gundulf \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was strong.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He seized Anskar and threw him out of the boat, then
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wrapped the life rope about his hands and snapped it as a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 woman who sews breaks her thread.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "He had stood then, he said, with one hand on the mast,
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as men do, and watched his brother in the \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 water. He had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seen the flash of the knife, but he thought only that Anskar
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sought to threaten him with it or to throw it."
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Hallvard was silent again, and when I saw he would not
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 speak, I said, "I don't understand. What did Anskar do?"
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 A smile, the very s\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mallest smile, tugged at Hallvard's lips
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 under his blond mustache. When I saw it, I felt I had seen
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the ice isles of the south, blue and bitterly cold. "He cut his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 life rope, the rope Gundulf had already broken. In that way,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 men who found his body would kn\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ow that he had been murdered. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Do you see?"
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I saw, and for a while I said nothing more.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "So," Melito grunted to Foila, "the wonderful valley land
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 went to Hallvard's father, and by this story he has managed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to tell you that though he has no property, he ha\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s prospects
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of inheriting some. He has also told you, of course, that he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 comes of a murderous family."
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Melito believes me much cleverer than I am," the blond
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 man rumbled. "I had no such thoughts. What matters now is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not land or skins or gold, but who tel\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ls the best tale. And I,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 who know many, have told the best I know. It is true as he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 says that I might share my family's property when my father
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dies. But my unmarried sisters will have some part too for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 their marriage portions, and only what remained would\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 divided between my brother and myself. All that matters
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nothing because I would not take Foila to the south, where
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 life is so hard. Since I have carried a lance I have seen many
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 better places."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Foila said, "I think your Uncle Gundulf must have loved
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ne\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nnoc very much."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Hallvard nodded. "He said that too while he lay bound.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 But all the men of the south love their women. It is for them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that they face the sea in winter, the storms and the freezing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fogs. It is said that as a man pushes his boat out over the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shingle, the sound the bottom makes grating on the stones is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my wife, my children, my children, my wife."
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I asked Melito if he wanted to begin his story then; but he
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shook his head and said that we were all full of Hallvard's, so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he would wait and begin n\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ext day. Everyone then asked Hallvard 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 questions about life in the south and compared what
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 they had learned to the way their own people lived. Only the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ascian was silent. I was reminded of the floating islands of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Lake Diuturna and told Hallvard and the oth\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ers about them,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 though I did not describe the fight at Baldanders's castle.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 We talked in this way until it was time for the evening meal.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 VIII
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Pelerine}{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 BY THE TIME we had finished eating, it was beginning to get
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dark. We were always quieter then\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 , not only because we
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lacked strength, but because we knew that those wounded
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 who would die were more liable to do so after the sun set,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and particularly in the deep of the night. It was the time
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 when past battles called home their debts.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 In other ways t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 oo, the night made us more aware of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 war. Sometimes\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 and on that night I remember them particularly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the discharges of the great energy weapons blazed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 across the sky like heat lightning. One heard the sentries
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 marching to their posts, so that the word }{\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wat\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ch}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 , which we so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 often used with no meaning beyond that of a tenth part of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the night, became an audible reality, an actuality of tramping
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 feet and unintelligible commands.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 There came a moment when no one spoke, that lengthened 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and lengthened, interrupted \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 only by the murmurings of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the well\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 the Pelerines and their male slaves\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 who came to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ask the condition of this patient or that. One of the scarlet-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 clad priestesses came and sat by my cot, and my mind was so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 slow, so nearly sleeping, that it was some time be\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fore I realized 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that she must have carried a stool with her.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You are Severian," she said, "the friend of Miles?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Yes."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "He has recalled his name. I thought you would like to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 know."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I asked her what it was.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Why, Miles, of course. I told you."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "He \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 will recall more than that, I think, as time goes by."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 She nodded. She seemed to be a woman past middle age,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with a kindly, austere face. "I am sure he will. His home and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 family."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "If he has them "
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Yes, some do not. Some lack even the ability to make \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 home."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You're referring to me."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "No, not at all. Anyway, that lack is not something the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 person can do something about. But it is much better, particularly 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 for men, if they have a home. Like the man your friend
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 talked about, most men think they make t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 heir homes for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 their families, but the fact is that they make both homes and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 families for themselves."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You were listening to Hallvard, then."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Several of us were. It was a good story. A sister came and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 got me at the place where the patient's grandfathe\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 r made his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 will. I heard all the rest. Do you know what the trouble was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with the bad uncle? With Gundulf?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I suppose that he was in love."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "No, that was what was right with him. Every person, you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 see, is like a plant. There is a beautiful green part, o\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ften with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 flowers or fruit, that grows upward toward the sun, toward
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the Increate. There is also a dark part that grows away from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it, tunnelling where no light comes."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I said, "I have never studied the writings of the initiates,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but even I am aware of the\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  existence of good and evil in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 everyone."                                          
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Was I speaking of good and evil? It is the roots that give
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the plant the strength to climb toward the sun, though they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 know nothing of it. Suppose that some scythe, whis\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tling
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 along the ground, should sever the stalk from its roots. The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stalk would fall and die, but the roots might put up a new
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stalk."                                                  
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You are saying that evil is good."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "No. I am saying that the things \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we love in others and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 admire in ourselves spring from things we do not see and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seldom think about. Gundulf, like other men, had the instinct 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to exercise authority. Its proper growth is the founding
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of a family\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 and women, too, have a similar instinct. In G\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 undulf 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that instinct had long been frustrated, as it is in so many
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the soldiers we see here. The officers have their commands,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but the soldiers who have no. command suffer and do not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 know why they suffer. Some, of course, form bonds with others 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in the\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  ranks. Sometimes several share a single woman, or a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 man who is like a woman. Some make pets of animals, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 some befriend children left homeless by the struggle."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Remembering Casdoe's son, I said, "I can see why you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 object to that."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "We do not Object\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 m\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ost certainly not to that, and not to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 things vastly less natural. I am only speaking of the instinct
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to exercise authority. In the bad uncle it made him love a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 woman, and specifically one who already possessed a child, so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 there would be a larger family for\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  him as soon as there was a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 family for him at all. In that way, you see, he would have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 regained some part of the time he had lost."
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 She paused, and I nodded.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Too much time, however, had been lost already; the instinct 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 broke out in another way. He saw h\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 imself as the rightful 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 master of lands he only held in trust for one brother, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the master of the life of the other. That vision was delusive,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was it not?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I suppose so."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Others can have visions equally deluding, though less
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dangerous." She smiled \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at me. "Do you regard yourself as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 possessing any special authority?"
\par 
\par \tab \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 I am a journeyman of the Seekers for Truth and Penitence, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but that position carries no authority. We of the guild
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 only do the will of judges."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I thought the torturers' guild abolish\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ed long ago. Has it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 become, then, a species of brotherhood for lictors?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "It still exists," I told her.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "No doubt, but some centuries ago it was a true guild, like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that of the silversmiths. At least so I have read in certain
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 histories preserved by our or\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 der."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 As I heard her, I felt a moment of wild elation. It was not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that I supposed her to be somehow correct. I am, perhaps,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mad in certain respects, but I know what those respects are,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and such self-deceptions are no part of them. Nevertheless, it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seemed\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  wonderful to me\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 if only for that moment\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 to exist
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in a world where such a belief was possible. I realized then,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 really for the first time, that there were millions of people in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the Commonwealth who knew nothing, of the higher forms
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of judicial punishment a\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nd nothing of the circles within circles 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of intrigue that ring the Autarch; and it was wine to me,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 or brandy rather, and left me reeling with giddy joy.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Pelerine, seeing nothing of all this, said, "Is there no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 other form of special authority that yo\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 u believe yourself to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 possess?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I shook my head.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Miles told me that you believe yourself to possess the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Claw of the Conciliator, and that you showed him a small
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 black claw, such as might perhaps have come from an ocelot
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 or a caracara, and that you told \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 him you have raised many
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from the dead by means of it."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The time had come then; the time when I would have to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 give it up. Ever since we had reached the lazaret, I had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 known it must come soon, but I had hoped to delay it until I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was ready to depart. Now I\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  took out the Claw, for the last
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 time as I thought, and pressed it into the Pelerine's hand,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 saying, "With this you can save many. I did not steal it, and I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have sought always to return it to your order."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "And with it," she asked gently, "you have revived\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  numbers 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the dead?"
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I myself would have died months ago without it,' I told
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 her, and I began to recount the story of my duel with Agilus.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Wait," she said. "You must keep it." And she returned
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the claw to me. "I am not a young woman any longer, as yo\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 u
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 see. Next year I will celebrate my thirtieth anniversary as a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 full member of our order. At each of the five superior feasts
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the year, until this past spring, I saw the Claw of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Conciliator when it was elevated for our adoration. It was a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 great sapp\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hire, as big around as an orichalk. It must have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been worth more than many villas, and no doubt it was for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that reason that the thieves took it."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I tried to interrupt her, but she silenced me with a gesture.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "As for its working miraculous cures and even \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 restoring life
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to the dead, do you think our order would have any sick
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 among us if it were so? We are few\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 far too few for the work
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we have to do. But if none of us had died before last spring,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we would be much more numerous. Many whom I loved, my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 teachers \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and my friends, would be among us still. Ignorant
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 people must have their wonders, even if they must scrape the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mud from some epopts boots to swallow. If, as we hope, it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 still exists and has not been cut to make smaller gems, the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 claw of the Conciliator is \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the last relic we possess of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 greatest of good men, and we treasured it because we still
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 treasure his memory. If it had been the sort of thing you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 believe yourself to have, it would have been precious to everyone, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and the autarchs would have wrested it\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  from us long
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ago."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "It is a claw\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 " I began.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "That was only a flaw at the heart of the jewel. The 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Conciliator was a man, Severian the Lictor, and not a cat or a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bird." She stood up.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "It was dashed against the rocks when the giant threw it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from the par\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 apet\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 "
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I had hoped to calm you, but I see that I am only exciting
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you," she said. Quite unexpectedly she smiled, leaned forward, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and kissed me. "We meet many here who believe
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 things that are not so. Not many have beliefs that do them as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 much credit as y\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ours do you. You and I shall talk of this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 again some other time."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I watched her small, scarlet-clad figure until it was lost
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from sight in the darkness and silence of the rows of cots.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 While we talked, most of the sick had fallen asleep. A few
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 groaned. T\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hree slaves entered, two carrying a wounded man
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 on a litter while the third held up a lamp so they could see
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 their way. The light gleamed on their shaven heads, which
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 were covered with sweat. They put the wounded man on a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cot, arranged his limbs as though \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he were dead, and went
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 away.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I looked at the Claw. It had been lifelessly black when the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Pelerine saw it, but now muted sparks of white fire ran from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 its base to its point. I felt well\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 indeed, I found myself wondering
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 how I had endured lying all day upon\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  the narrow
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mattress; but when I tried to stand my legs would hardly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hold me. Afraid at every moment that I would fall on one of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the wounded, I staggered the twenty paces or so to the man I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had just seen carried in.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 It was Emilian, whom I had known as a \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gallant at the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Autarch's court. I was so startled to see him here that I called
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 him by name.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Thecla," he murmured. "Thecla ..."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Yes. Thecla. You remember me, Emilian. Now be well."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I touched him with the Claw.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He opened his eyes and screamed.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I fled\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 , but fell when I was halfway to my own cot. I was so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 weak I don't believe I could have crawled the remaining distance 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 then, but I managed to put away the Claw and roll
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 beneath Hallvard's cot and so out of sight.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 When the slaves came back, Emilian was si\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tting up and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 able to speak\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 though they could not, I think, make much
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sense of what he said. They gave him herbs, and one of them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 remained with him while he chewed them, then left silently.
\par \tab 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I rolled from under the cot, and by holding on to the edge
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was a\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ble to pull myself erect. All was still again, but I knew
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that many of the wounded must have seen me before I had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fallen. Emilian was not asleep, as I had supposed he would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 be, but he seemed dazed. "Thecla," he murmured. "I heard
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Thecla. They said she was \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dead. What voices are here from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the lands of the dead?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "None now,' I told him. "You've been ill, but you'll be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 well soon."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I held the Claw overhead and tried to focus my thoughts
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 on Melito and Foila as well as Emilian-on all the sick in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lazaret. It\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  flickered and was dark.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 IX
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Melito's Story\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 The Cock, the Angel,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and the Eagle
\par }{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "ONCE NOT VERY long ago and not very far from the place
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 where I was born, there was a fine farm. It was especially
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 noted for its poultry: flocks of ducks white as snow, ge\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ese
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nearly as large as swans and so fat they could scarcely walk,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and chickens that were as colourful as parrots. The farmer who
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had built up this place had a great many strange ideas about
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 farming, but he had succeeded so much better with his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 strange idea\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s than any of his neighbours with their sensible
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ones, that few had the courage to tell him what a fool he was.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "One of his queer notions concerned the management of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 his chickens. Everyone knows that when chicks are observed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to be little cocks they must \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 be caponized. Only one cock is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 required in the barnyard, and two will fight.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "But this farmer saved himself all that trouble. 'Let them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 grow up,' he said. 'Let them fight, and let me tell you some-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thing, neighbour. The best and cockiest cock will win, a\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nd he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 is the one who will sire many more chicks to swell my flock.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 What's more, his chicks will be the hardiest, and the best
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 suited to throwing off every disease\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 when your chickens are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wiped out, you can come to me and I'll sell you some breed-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ing stock \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at my own price. As for the beaten cocks, my family
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and I can eat them. There's no capon so tender as a cock that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 has been fought to death, just as the best beef comes from a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bull that has died in the bull ring and the best venison from a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stag the hounds h\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ave run all day. Besides, eating capons saps
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a man's virility.'
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "This odd farmer also believed that it was his duty to select 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the worst bird from his flock whenever he wanted one for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dinner. 'It is impious,' he said, "for anyone to take the best.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 They s\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hould be left to prosper under the eye of the Pancreator, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 who made cocks and hens as well as men and women.'
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Perhaps because he felt as he did, his flock was so good that it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seemed sometimes there was no worst among it.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "From all I have said, it will be\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  clear that the cock of this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 flock was a very fine one. He was young, strong, and brave.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 His tail was as fine as the tails of many sorts of pheasants, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 no doubt his comb would have been fine too, save that it had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been torn to ribbons in the many despera\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 te combats that had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 won him his place. His breast was of glowing scarlet like the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Pelerines' robes here\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 but the geese said it had been white
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 before it was dyed in his own blood. His wings were so strong
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that he was a better flier than any of the white duck\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s, his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 spurs were longer than a man's middle finger and his bill was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as sharp as my sword.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "This fine cock had a thousand wives, but the darling of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 his heart was a hen as fine as he, the daughter of a noble race
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and the acknowledged queen of all the chic\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 kens for leagues
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 around. How proudly they walked between the corner of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 barn and the water of the duck pond! You could not hope to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 see anything finer, no, not if you saw the Autarch himself
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 showing off his favourite at the Well of Orchids\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 the more so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 si\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nce the Autarch is a capon, as I hear it.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Everything was bugs for breakfast for this happy pair un-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 til one night the cock was wakened by a terrible row. A great,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eared owl had broken into the barn where the chickens
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 roosted and was making his way among\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  them as he sought for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 his dinner. Of course he seized upon the hen who was the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 particular favourite of the cock; and with her in his claws, he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 spread his wide, silent wings to sail away. Owls can see marvelously 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 well in the dark, and so he must have seen\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  the cock
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 flying at him like a feathered fury. Who has ever seen an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 amazed expression on the face of an owl? Yet surely there
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was one on that owl in the barn that night. The cock's spurs
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shuffled faster than the feet of any dancer, and his bill struck
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 for \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 those round and shining eyes as the bill of a woodpecker
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hammers the trunk of a tree. The owl dropped the hen, flew
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from the barn, and was never seen again.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "No doubt the cock had a right to be proud, but he became 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 too proud. Having defeated an owl in t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he dark, he felt
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he could defeat any bird, anywhere. He began to talk of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rescuing the prey of hawks and bullying the teratornis, the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 largest and most terrible bird that flies. If he had surrounded
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 himself with wise counselors, particularly the llama and th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pig, those whom most princes choose to help guide their affairs, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I feel sure his extravagances would soon have been effectively 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 though courteously checked. Alas, he did not do so.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He listened only to the hens, who were all infatuated with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 him,. and to \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the geese and ducks, who felt that as his fellow
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 barnyard fowl they shared to some extent in whatever glory
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he won. At last the day came, as it always does for those who
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 show too much pride, when he went too far.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "It was sunrise, ever the most dangerous t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ime for those
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 who do not do well. The cock flew up and up and up, until
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 beseemed about to pierce the sky, and at last, at the very
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 apogee of his flight, perched himself atop the weathervane on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the loftiest gable of the barn\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 the highest point in the entire
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 farmyard. There as the sun drove out the shadows with lashes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of crimson and gold, he screamed again and again that he was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lord of all feathered things. Seven times he crowed so, and he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 might have got away with it, for seven is a lucky number. But
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he could \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not be content with that. An eighth time he made
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the same boast, and then flew down.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 He had not yet landed among his flock when there began
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a most marvelous phenomenon high in the air, directly above
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the barn. A hundred rays of sunlight seemed to tangle \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 them-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 selves as a kitten snarls a ball of wool, and to roll themselves
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 together as a woman rolls up dough in a kneading pan. This
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 collection of glorious light then put out legs, arms, a head,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and at last wings, and swooped down upon the barnyard. It
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was an\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  angel with wings of red and blue and green and gold,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and though it seemed no bigger than the cock, he knew as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 soon as he had looked into its eyes that it was far larger on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the inside than he.    
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 Now,\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  said the angel, 'hear justice. You claim that no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 feathered thing can stand against you. Here am I, plainly a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 feathered thing. All the mighty weapons of the armies of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 light I have left behind, and we will wrestle, we two."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "At that the cock spread his wings and bowed so low that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 his tattered comb scrape\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d the dust. T shall be honoured to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 end of my days to have been thought worthy of such a challenge, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he said, "which no other bird has ever received before.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 It is with the most profound regret that I must tell you I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cannot accept, and that for three rea\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sons, the first of which is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that though you have feathers on your wings, as you" say, it is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not against your wings that I would fight but against your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 head and breast. Thus you are not a feathered creature for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the purposes of combat'
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "The angel closed hi\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s eyes and touched hi$ hands to his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 own body, and when he drew them away the hair of his head
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had become feathers brighter than the feathers of the finest
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 canary, and the linen of his robe had become feathers whiter
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 than the feathers of the most brilliant \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dove.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 " The second of which,' continued the cock, nothing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 daunted, 'is that you, having, as you so clearly do, the power
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to transform yourself, might choose during the course of our
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 combat to change yourself into some creature that does not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 possess feath\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ers\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 for example, a large snake. Thus if I were to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 fight you, I should have no guarantee of fair play.\'94
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "At that, the angel tore open his breast, and displaying all
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the qualities therein to the assembled poultry, took out his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ability to alter his shape. H\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e handed it to the fattest goose to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hold for the duration of the match, and the goose at once
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 transformed himself, becoming a grey salt goose, such as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stream from pole to pole. But he did not fly off, and he kept
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the angel's ability safe.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 " 'The third of\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  which,' continued the cock in desperation,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 'is that you are clearly an officer in the Pancreator's service,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and in prosecuting the cause of justice, as you do, are doing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 your duty. If I were to fight you as you ask, I should be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 committing a grave crime ag\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ainst the only ruler brave chick-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ens acknowledge.'
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 " 'Very well,' said the angel, \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 It is a strong legal position,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and I suppose you think you've won your way free. The truth
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 is that you have argued your way to your own death. I was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 only going to twist y\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 our wings back a bit and pull out your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tail feathers.' Then he lifted his head and gave a strange, wild
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cry. Immediately an eagle dove from the sky and dropped
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 like a thunderbolt into the barnyard.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "All around the barn they fought, and beside the duck
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pon\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d, and across the pasture and back, for the eagle was very
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 strong, but the cock was quick and brave. There was an old
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cart with a broken wheel leaning against one wall of the barn,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and under it, where the eagle could not fly at him from above
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and he could \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cool himself somewhat in the shadow, the cock
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sought to make his final stand. He was bleeding so much,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 however, that before the eagle, who was almost as bloodied
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as he, could come at him there, he tottered, fell, tried to rise,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and fell again.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 " 'Now,' sa\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 id the angel, addressing all the assembled birds,
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 'you have seen justice done. Be not proud! Be not boastful,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 for surely retribution will be visited upon you. You thought
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 your champion invincible. There he lies, the victim not of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 this eagle but of pride, b\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eaten and destroyed.'
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Then the cock, whom they had all thought dead, lifted
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 his head. 'You are doubtless very wise. Angel,\hich\f2 \rquote }{\sub\dbch\af23 \-}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  he said. 'But
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you know nothing of the ways of cocks. A cock is not beaten
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 until he turns tail and shows the white feather that li\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 es be-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 neath his tail feathers. My strength, which I made myself by
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 flying and running, and in many battles, has failed me. My
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 spirit, which I received from the hand of your master the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Pancreator, has not failed me. Eagle, I ask no quarter from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you. Come h\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ere and kill me now. But as you value your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 honour, never say that you have beaten me.'
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "The eagle looked at the angel when he heard what the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cock said, and the angel looked at the eagle. 'The Pancreator
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 is infinitely far from us,' the angel said. 'And th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 us infinitely
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 far from me, though I fly so much higher than you. I guess at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 his desires\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 no one can do otherwise.'
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He opened his chest once more and replaced the ability he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had for a time surrendered. Then he and the eagle flew away,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and for a time the sa\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lt goose followed them. That is the end
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ofthestory."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Melito had lain upon his back as he spoke, looking up at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the canvas stretched overhead. I had the feeling he was too
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 weak even to raise himself on one elbow. The rest of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wounded had been as quiet fo\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 r his story as for Hallvard's.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 At last I said, "That is a fine tale. It will be very hard for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me to judge between the two, and if it is agreeable to you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and Hallvard, and to Foila, I would like to give myself time
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to think about them both."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Foila, who w\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as Sitting up with her knees drawn under her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 chin, called, "Don't judge at all. The contest isn't over yet.'
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Everyone looked at her.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I'll explain tomorrow," she said. "Just don't judge, Severian. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 But what did you think of that story?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Hallvard rumbled,\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  "I will tell you what I think. I think
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Melito is clever the way he claimed I was. He is not so well as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I am, not so strong, and in this way he has drawn a woman's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sympathy to himself. It was cunningly done, little cock."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Melito's voice seemed weaker than\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  it had while be was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 recounting the battle of the birds. "It is the worst story I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 know."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "The worst?" I asked. We were all surprised.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Yes, the worst. It is a foolish tale we tell our little children, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 who know nothing but the dust and the farm animals
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and the sky they see above them. Surely every word of it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 must make that clear."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Hallvard asked, "Don't you want to win, Melito?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Certainly I do. You don't love Foila as I love her. I would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 die to possess her, but I would sooner die than disappoint
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 her.\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  If the story I have just told can win, then I shall never
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 disappoint her, at least with my stories. I have a thousand
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that are better than that."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Hallvard got up and came to sit on my cot as he had the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 day before, and I swung my legs over the edge to sit\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  beside
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 him. To me he Said, "What Melito says is very clever. Everything 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he says is very clever. Still, you must judge us by the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tales we told, and not by the ones we say we know but did
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not tell. I, too, know many other stories. Our winter nights
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 are the\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  longest in the Commonwealth."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I answered that according to Foila, who had originally
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thought of the contest and who was herself the prize, I was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not yet to judge at all.
\par \tab 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Ascian said, "All who speak Correct Thought speak
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 well. Where then is the sup\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eriority of some students to others? 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 It is in the speaking. Intelligent students speak Correct
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Thought intelligently. The hearer knows by the intonation
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of their voices that they understand. By this superior speaking 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of intelligent students. Correct Thou\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ght is passed, like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fire, from one to another."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I think that none of us had realized he was listening. We
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 were all a trifle startled to hear him speak now. After a moment, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Foila said, "He means you should not judge by the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 content of the stories, but by \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 how well each was told. I'm not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sure I agree with that\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 still, there may be something in it."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I do not agree," Hallvard grumbled. "Those who listen
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 soon tire of storyteller tricks. The best telling is the plainest."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Others joined in the argument, and we t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 alked about it and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 about the little cock for a long time.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 X
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ava
\par }{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 WHILE I WAS ILL I had never paid much attention to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 people who brought our food, though when I reflected on it I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was able to recall them clearly, as I recall everything. Once
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 our ser\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ver had been a Pelerine\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 she who had talked to me the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 night before. At other times they had been the shaven-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 headed male slaves, or postulants in brown. This evening, the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 evening of the day on which Melito had told his story, our
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 suppers were carried in by \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a postulant I had not seen before,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a slender, grey-eyed girl. I got up and helped her to pass
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 around the trays.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 When we were finished, she thanked me and said, "You
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 will not be here much longer."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I told her I had something to do here, and nowhere else t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 o
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 go.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You have your legion. If it has been destroyed, you will
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 be assigned to a new one."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I am not a soldier. I came north with some thought of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 enlisting, but I fell sick before I got the opportunity."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You could have waited in your native town. I'm t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 old that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 recruiting parties go to all the towns, twice a year at least."
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "My native town is Nessus, I'm afraid." I saw her smile.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "But I left it some time ago, and I wouldn't have wanted to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sit around someplace else for half a year waiting. Anyway, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 neve\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 r thought of it. Are you from Nessus too?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You're having trouble standing up."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "No, I'm fine."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 She touched my arm, a timid gesture that somehow reminded 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me of the tame deer in the Autarch's garden.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You're swaying. Even if your fever is gone, you're \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 no longer
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 used to being on your feet. You have to realize that. You've
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been abed for several days. I want you to lie down again
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 now."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "If I do that, there'll be no one to talk to except the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 people I've been talking with all day. The man on my right is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 an \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ascian prisoner, and the man on my left comes from some
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 village neither you nor I ever heard of."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "All right, if you'll lie down I'll sit and talk to you for a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 while. I've nothing more to do until the nocturne must be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 played anyway. What quarter of Nessus\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  do you come from?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 As she escorted me to my cot, I told her that I did not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 want to talk, but to listen; and I asked her what quarter she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 herself called home.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "When you're with the Pelerines, that's your home\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 wherever 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the tents are set up. The order be\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 comes your family and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 your friends, just as if all your friends had suddenly become
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 your sisters too. But before I came here, I lived in the far
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 north western part of the city, within easy sight of the Wall."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Near the Sanguinary Field?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Yes, very near\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  it. Do you know the place?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I fought there once.'
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Her eyes widened. "Did you, really? We used to go there
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and watch. We weren't supposed to, but we did anyway. Did
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you win?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had never thought about that and had to consider it.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "No," I said after a \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 moment. "I lost."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "But you lived. It's better, surely, to lose and live than to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 take another man's life."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I opened my robe and showed her the scar on my chest
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that Agilus's avern leaf had made.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You were very lucky. Often they bring in soldiers with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ch\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 est wounds like that, but we are seldom able to save
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 them." Hesitantly she touched my chest. There was a sweetness 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in her face that I have not seen in the faces of other
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 women. For a moment she stroked my skin, then she jerked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 her hand away. "It could not\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  have been very deep."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "It wasn't," I told her.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Once I saw a combat between an officer and an exultant
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in masquerade. They used poisoned plants for weapons\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 suppose because the officer would have had an unfair advantage 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with the sword. The exultant wa\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s killed and I left, but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 afterward there was a great hullabaloo because the officer had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 run amok. He came dashing by me, striking out with his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 plant, but someone threw a cudgel at his legs and knocked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 him down. I think that was the most exciting fight I ev\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 er
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 saw."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Did they fight bravely?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Not really. There was a lot of argument about legalities\hich\f2 \emdash 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you know how men do when they don't want to begin."
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 " I shall be honoured to the end of my days to have been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thought worthy of such a challenge, which no othe\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 r bird has
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ever received before. It is with the most profound regret that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I must tell you I cannot accept, and that for three reasons,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the first of which is that though you have feathers on your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wings, as you say, it is not against your wings that I would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fight.' Do you know that story?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Smiling, she shook her head.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "It's a good one. I'll tell it to you some time. If you lived
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 so near the Sanguinary Field, your family must have been an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 important one. Are you an armigette?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Practically all of us are arm\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 igettes or exultants. It's a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rather aristocratic order, I'm afraid. Occasionally an optimate's 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 daughter like me is admitted, when the optimate has
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been a long time friend of the order, but there are only three
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of us. I'm told some optimates think all they\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  have to do is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 make a large gift and their girls will be accepted, but it really
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 isn't so\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 they have to help out in various ways, not just with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 money, and they have to have done it for a long time. The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 world, you see, is not really- as corrupt as people lik\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 believe."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I asked, "Do you think it is right to limit your order in that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 way? You serve the Conciliator. Did he ask the people he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lifted out of death if they were armigers or exultants?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 She smiled again. "That's a question that has been debated 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 m\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 any times in the order. But there are other orders
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that are quite open to optimates, and to the lower classes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 too, and by remaining as we are we get a great deal of money
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to use in our work and have a great deal of influence. If we
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nursed and fed only cert\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ain kinds of people, I would say you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 were right. But we don't; we even help animals when we can.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Conexa Epicharis used to say we stopped at insects, but then
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 she found one of us\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 I mean a postulant\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 trying to mend a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 butterfly's wing."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Doesn't it bother yo\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 u that these soldiers have been doing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 their best to kill Ascians?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Her answer was very far from what I had expected. "As-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cians are not human."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 'I\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 ve already told you that the patient next to me is an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ascian. You're taking care of him, and as well as yo\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 u take
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 care of us from what I've seen."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "And I've already told you that we take in animals when
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we can. Don't you know that human beings can lose their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 humanity?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You mean die zoanthropes. I've met some."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Them, of course. They give up their humanity \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 deliberately. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 There are others who lose theirs without intending to,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 often when they think they are enhancing it, or rising to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 some state higher than that to which we are born. Still others, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 like the Ascians, have it stripped from them."     
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I thought o\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 f Baldanders, plunging from his castle wall into
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Lake Diutuma. "Surely these ... things deserve our sympathy."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Animals deserve our sympathy. That is why we of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 order care for them. But it isn't murder for a man to kill
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 one."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I sat up and gripped her \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 arm, feeling an excitement I could
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 scarcely contain. "Do you think that if something\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 some arm
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the Conciliator, let us say\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 could cure human beings, it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 might nevertheless fail with those who are not human?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You mean the Claw. Close your mouth, please\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 y\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ou make
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me want to laugh when you leave it open like that, and we're
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not supposed to when people outside the, order are around."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You know!"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Your nurse told me. She said you were mad, but in a nice
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 way, and that she didn't think you would ever hurt any\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 one.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Then I asked her about it, and she told. You have the Claw,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and sometimes you can cure the sick and even raise the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dead."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Do you believe I'm mad?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Still smiling, she nodded.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Why? Never mind what the Pelerine told you. Have I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 said anything to you \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tonight to make you think so?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Or spellbound, perhaps. It isn't anything you've said at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 all. Or at least, not much. But you are not just one man."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 She paused after saying that. I think she was waiting for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me to deny it, but I said nothing.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "It is in \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 your face and the way you move\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 do you know
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that I don't even know your name? She didn't tell me."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Severian."                                   
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I'm Ava. Severian is one of those brother\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 sister names,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 isn't it? Severian and Severa. Do you have a sister?\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I don't know. If I do, she's a witch."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ava let that pass. "The other one. Does she have a name?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You know she's a woman then."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Uh huh. When I was serving the food, I thought for a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 moment that one of the exultant sisters had come to help
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me. Then \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I looked around and it was you. At first it seemed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that it was just when I saw you from the corner of my eye,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but sometimes, while we've been sitting here, I see her even
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 when I'm looking right at you. When you glance to one side
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sometimes you vanish, and \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 there's a tall, pale woman using
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 your face. Please don't tell me I fast overmuch. That's what
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 they all tell me, and it isn't true, and even if it were, this isn't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Her name is Thecla. Do you remember what you were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 just saying about losing humanity\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ? Were you trying to tell
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me about her?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ava shook her head. "I don't think so. But I wanted to ask
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you something. There was another patient here like you, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 they told me he came with you."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Miles, you mean. No, my case and his are quite different.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I wo\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 n't tell you about him. He should do it himself, or no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 one should. But I will tell you about myself. Do you know of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the corpse-eaters?"
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You're not one of them. A few weeks ago we had three
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 insurgent captives. I know what they're like."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "How do we differ?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "With them . . ." She groped for words. "With them it's
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 out of control. They talk to themselves\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 of course a lot of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 people do\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 and they look at things that aren't there. There's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 something lonely about it, and something selfish. You aren't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 one of them."
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Bu\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t I am," I said. And I told her, without going into
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 much detail, of Vodalus's banquet.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "They made you," she said when I was through. "If you
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had shown what you felt, they would have killed you."
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "That doesn't matter. I drank the alzabo. I ate her flesh.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 A\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nd at first it was filthy, as you say, though I had loved her.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 She was in me, and I shared the life that had been hers, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 yet she was dead. I could feel her rotting there. I had a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wonderful dream of her on the first night; when I go back
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 among my memorie\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s it is one the things I treasure most.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Afterward, there was something horrible, and sometimes I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seemed to be dreaming while I was awake\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 that was the talking 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and staring you mentioned, I think. Now, and for a long
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 time, she seems alive again, but inside m\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e."
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I don't think the others are like that."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I don't either," I said. "At least, not from what I've heard
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of them. There are a great many things I do not understand.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 What I have told you is one of the chief ones."
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ava was quiet for the space of two or \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 three breaths, then
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 her eyes opened wide. "The Claw, the thing you believe in.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Did you have it then?"
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Yes, but I didn't know what it could do. It had not
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 acted\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 or rather, it had acted, it had raised a woman called
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Dorcas, but I didn't know what had happen\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ed, where she had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 come from. If I had known, I might have saved Thecla,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 brought her back."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "But you had it? You had it with you?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I nodded.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Then don't you see? It did bring her back. You just said it
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 could act without your even knowing it. You had it, an\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had her, rotting, as you say, inside you."
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Without the body . . ."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You're a materialist, like all ignorant people. But your
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 materialism doesn't make materialism true. Don't you know
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that? In the final summing up, it is spirit and dream, thought
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 an\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d love and act that matter."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I was so stunned by the ideas that had come crowding in
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 on me that I did not speak again for some time, but sat
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wrapped in my own speculations. When I came to myself
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 again at last, I was surprised that Ava had not gone and trie\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to thank her.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "It was peaceful, sitting here with you, and if one of the
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sisters had come, I could have said I was waiting in case one
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the sick should cry out."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I haven't decided yet about what you said about Thecla.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 ll have to think about it a lo\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ng time, probably for many
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 days. People tell me I am a rather stupid man."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 She smiled, and the truth was that I had said what I had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 (though it was true) at least in part to make her smile. "I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 don\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t think so. A thorough man, rather."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Anyway, I have anot\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 her question. Often when I tried to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sleep, or when I woke in the night, I have tried to connect
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my failures and my successes. I mean the times when I used
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the claw and revived someone, and the times when I tried to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but life did not return. It seems to me t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hat it should be more
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 than mere chance, though perhaps the link is something I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cannot know."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Do you think you've found it now?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "What you said about people losing their humanity\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 might be a part of it. There was a woman ... I think she may
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have bee\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 n like that, though she was very beautiful. And a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 man, my friend, who was only partly cured, only helped. If
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 its possible for someone to lose his humanity, surely it must
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 be possible for something that once had none to find it.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 What one loses another finds\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 , everywhere. He, I think, was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 like that. Then too, the effect always seems less when the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 deaths come by violence. ..."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I would expect that," Ava said softly.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "It cured the man-ape whose hand I had cut away. Perhaps
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that was because I had done it mysel\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 f. And it helped Jonas,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but I\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 Thecla\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 had used those whips."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "The powers of healing protect us from Nature. Why
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 should the Increate protect us from ourselves? We might
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 protect ourselves from ourselves. It may be that he will help
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 us only when we come to re\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gret what we have done."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Still thinking, I nodded.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I am going to the chapel now. You\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 re well enough to walk
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a short distance. Will you come with me?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 While I had been beneath that wide canvas roof, it had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seemed the whole of the lazaret to me. Now I s\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 aw, though
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 only dimly and by night, that there were many tents and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pavilions. Most, like ours, had their walls gathered up for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 coolness, furled like the sails of a ship at anchor. We entered
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 none of them but walked between them by winding paths
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that seemed\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  long to me, until we reached one whose walls
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 were down. It was of silk, not canvas, and shone scarlet be-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cause of the lights within.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Once," Ava told me, "we had a great cathedral. It could
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hold ten thousand, yet be packed into a single wagon. Our
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Domn\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 icellae had it burned just before I came to the order."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I know," I said. "I saw it."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Inside the silken tent, we knelt before a simple altar
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 heaped with flowers. Ava prayed. I, knowing no prayers,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 spoke without sound to someone who seemed at times within
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me and at times, as the angel had said, infinitely remote.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 XI
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Loyal to the Group of Seventeen^
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Story-The Just Man}{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 THE NEXT MORNING, when we had eaten and everyone was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Awake. I ventured to ask Foila if it was now time for me to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 judge between Melit\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 o and Hallvard. She shook her head. but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 before she could speak, the Ascian announced, "All must do
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 their share in the service of the populace- The bullock draws
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the plow and the dog herds the sheep, but the cat catches
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mice in the granary. Thus men, women,\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  and even children
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 can serve the populace."              
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Fiola flashed  that dazzling smile. "our friend wants to tell
\par \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 \hich\f2 what!\'94\loch\f2  For a moment I thought Melito was actually
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 going to sit up. \'93\loch\f2 Are you going to let him-let one of them-
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 She gestured, and he s\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 puttered to silence. "Why yes "
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Something tugged at the corners of her lips. "Yes, I think I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shall. I\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 ll have to interpret for the rest of you, of course. Will
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 that be all right, Severian?\'94
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "If you wish it," I said.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 Hallvard rumbled, \'93\loch\f2 This was not in the \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 original agreement.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I recall each word.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 \hich\f2 So do I,\'94\loch\f2  Foila said. It isn't against it either, and in fact
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 its in accordance with the spirit of the agreement, which was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that the rivals for my hand\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 neither very soft nor very fair
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 now, I'm afraid, though it's be\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 coming more so since I've been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 confined in this place\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 would compete. The Ascian would be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my suitor if he thought he could; haven't you seen the way
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he looks at me?"
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Ascian recited, "United, men and women are stronger; 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but a brave woman desires childr\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 en, and not husbands.\'94
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "He means that he would like to marry me, but he doesn't
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 think his attentions would be acceptable. He's wrong." Foila
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 looked from Melito to Hallvard, and her smile had become
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a grin. "Are you two really so frightened of him in a stor\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 y-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 telling contest? You must have run like rabbits when you saw
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 an Ascian on the battlefield."
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Neither of them answered, and after a time, the Ascian
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 began to speak: "In times past, loyalty to the cause of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 populace was to be found everywhere. The will\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  of the Group
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of Seventeen was the will of everyone."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Foila interpreted: "Once upon a time ..."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Let no one be idle. If one is idle, let him band together
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with others who are idle too, and let them look for idle land.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Let everyone they meet direct them. It\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  is better to walk a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thousand leagues than to sit in the House of Starvation."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "There was a remote farm worked in partnership by people 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 who were not related.\'94}{\dbch\af23 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "One is strong, another beautiful, a third a cunning artificer. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Which is best? He who serves t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he populace."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "On this farm lived a good man."
\par }{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Let the work be divided by a wise divider of work. Let the
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 food be divided by a just divider of food. Let the pigs grow
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fat. Let rats starve."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 "The others cheated him of his share.\'94
\par }{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "The people meeting in co\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 unsel may judge, but no one is
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to receive more than a hundred blows."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "He complained, and they beat him."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "How are the hands nourished? By the blood. How does
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the blood reach the hands? By the veins. If the veins are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 closed, the hands will rot away.'
\par \tab }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "He\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  left that farm and took to the roads."
\par }{\dbch\af23 \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Where the Group of Seventeen sit, there final justice is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 done."
\par \tab }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "He went to the capital and complained of the way he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 had been treated.\'94}{\dbch\af23 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Let there be clean water for those who toil. Let there be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hot food for them\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  and a clean bed."
\par \tab }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "He came back to the farm, tired and hungry after his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 journey."
\par }{\dbch\af23 \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "No one is to receive more than a hundred blows."
\par }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "They beat him again"
\par }{\dbch\af23 \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Behind everything some further thing is found, forever;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thus the tree behind the bird, stone ben\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eath soil, the sun
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 behind Urth. Behind our efforts, let there be found our efforts.
\par \tab }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "The just man did not give up. He left the farm again to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 walk to the capital."}{\dbch\af23 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Can all petitioners be heard? No, for all cry together.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Who, then, shall be heard\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 is it th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ose who cry loudest? No,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 for all cry loudly. Those who cry longest shall be heard, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 justice shall be done to them."                         
\par \tab }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Arriving at the capital, he camped upon the very door-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 step of the Group of Seventeen and begged all who passe\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 listen to him. After a long time he was admitted to the pal-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ace, where those in authority heard his complaints with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sympathy."}{\dbch\af23 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "So say the Group of Seventeen: From those who steal,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 take all they have, for nothing that they have is their own."
\par \tab }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "They\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  told him to go back to the farm and tell the bad
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 men\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 in their name\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 \hich\f2 that they must leave.\'94}{\dbch\af23 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "As a good child to its mother, so is the citizen to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Group of Seventeen."
\par \tab }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "He did just as they had said."
\par }{\dbch\af23 \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "What is foolish speech? It is wind. It has come in \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ears and goes out of the mouth. No one is to receive more
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 than a hundred blows."
\par \tab }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "They mocked him and beat him."
\par }{\dbch\af23 \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Behind our efforts, let there be found our efforts."
\par \tab }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "The just man did not give up. He returned to the capital
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 once more."}{\dbch\af23 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "The cit\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 izen renders to the populace what is due to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 populace. What is due to the populace? Everything."
\par \tab }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "He was very tired. His clothes were in rags and his shoes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 worn out. He had no food and nothing to trade."
\par }{\dbch\af23 \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "It is better to be just than to be kind, but o\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nly-good
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 judges can be just; let those who cannot be just be kind."
\par \tab }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "In the capital he lived by begging."
\par }{\dbch\af23 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 At this point I could not help but interrupt. I told Foila
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that I thought it was wonderful that she understood so well
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 what each of the stock phras\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 es the Ascian used meant in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 context of his story, but that I could not understand how she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 did it\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 how she knew, for example, that the phrase about
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 kindness and justice meant that the hero had become a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 beggar.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Well, suppose that someone else\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 Melito, pe\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rhaps\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 telling a story, and at some point in it he thrust out his hand
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and began to ask for alms. You'd know what that meant,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wouldn't you?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I agreed that I would.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "It's just the same here. Sometimes we find Ascian soldiers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 who are too hungry or too \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sick to keep up with the rest, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 after they understand we aren't going to kill them, that business 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 about kindness and justice is what they say. In Ascian, of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 course. It's what beggars say in Ascia."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Those who cry longest shall be heard, and justice s\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hall be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 done to them."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "This time he had to wait a long while before he was
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 admitted to the palace, but at last they let him in and heard
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 what he had to say."}{\dbch\af23 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Those who will not serve the populace shall serve the
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 populace.\'94
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "They said they would put the b\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ad men in prison."
\par }{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Let there be dean water for those who toil. Let there be
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 hot food for them, and a clean bed.\'94
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 "He went back home.\'94
\par }{\dbch\af23 \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 No one is to receive more than a hundred blows."
\par }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "He was beaten again."
\par }{\dbch\af23 \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 Behind our efforts, let there be found our effo\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rts."
\par }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "But he did not give up. Once more he set off for the
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 capital to complain.\'94}{\dbch\af23 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Those who fight for the populace fight with a thousand
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hearts. Those who fight against them with none."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 "Now the bad men were afraid.\'94
\par }{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Let no one oppose the decisions of th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e Group of Seven-
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 teen."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 They said to themselves, \'93\loch\f2 He has gone to the palace again
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and again, and each time he must have told the rulers there
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that we did not obey their earlier commands. Surely this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 time they will send soldiers to kill us."}{\dbch\af23 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "If their woun\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ds are in their backs, who shall stanch their
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 blood?"
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "The bad men ran away."
\par }{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Where are those who in times past have opposed the
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 decisions of the Group of Seventeen?"
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "They were never seen again."
\par }{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Let there be clean water for those who toil. Let there be
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hot food for them, and a clean bed. Then they will sing at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 their work, and their work will be light to them. Then they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 will sing at the harvest, and the harvest will be heavy."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "The just man returned home and lived happily ever
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 after."
\par }{\dbch\af23 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Everyone applauded\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  this story, moved by the story itself,
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 by the ingenuity of the Ascian prisoner, by the glimpse it had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 afforded us of life in Ascia, and most of all, I think, by the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 graciousness and wit Foila had brought to her translation.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I have no way of knowing whethe\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 r you, who eventually will
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 read this record, like stories or not. If you do not, no doubt
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you have turned these pages Without attention. I confess that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I love them. Indeed, it often seems to me that of all the good
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 things in the world, the only ones humani\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ty can claim for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 itself are stories and music; the rest, mercy, beauty, sleep,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 clean water and hot food (as the Ascian would have said) are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 all the work of the Increate. Thus, stories are small things
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 indeed in the scheme of the universe, but it is hard no\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 love best what is our own\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 hard for me, at least.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 From this story, though it was the shortest and the most
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 simple too of all those I have recorded in this book, I feel
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that I learned several things of some importance. First of all,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 how much of our spe\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ech, which we think freshly minted in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 our own mouths, consists of set locutions. The Ascian
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seemed to speak only in sentences he had learned by rote,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 though until he used each for the first time we had never
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 heard them. Foila seemed to speak as women commo\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nly do,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and if I had been asked whether she employed such tags, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would have said that she did not\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 but how often one might
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have predicted the ends of her sentences from their beginnings.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Second, I learned how difficult it is to eliminate the urge
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 for expr\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ession. The people of Ascia were reduced to speaking
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 only with their masters' voice; but they had made of it a new
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tongue, and I had no doubt, after hearing the Ascian, that by
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it he could express whatever thought he wished.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 And third, I learned once agai\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 n what a many-sided thing is
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the telling of any tale. None, surely, could be plainer than
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the Ascian's, yet what did it mean? Was it intended to praise
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the Group of Seventeen? The mere terror of their name had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 routed the evildoers. Was it intended to conde\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mn them?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 They had heard the complaints of the just man, and yet they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had done nothing for him beyond giving him their verbal
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 support. There had been no indication they would ever do
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 more.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 But I had not learned those things I had most wished to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 learn as I\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  listened to the Ascian and to Foila. What had been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 her motive in agreeing to allow the Ascian to compete? Mere
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mischief? From her laughing eyes I could easily believe it.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Was she perhaps in truth attracted to him? I found that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 more difficult to credit, bu\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t it was surely not impossible.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Who has not seen women attracted to men lacking every
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 attractive quality? She had clearly had much to do with Ascians, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and he was clearly no ordinary soldier, since he had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been taught our language. Did she hope to wring som\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e secret
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from him?
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 And what of him? Melito and Hallvard had accused each
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 other of telling tales with an ulterior purpose. Had he done
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 so as well? If he had, it had surely been to tell Foila\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rest of us too\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 that he would never give up.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 XII
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Wi\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nnoc}{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 THAT EVENING I had yet another visitor: one of the shaven-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 headed male slaves. I had been sitting up and attempting to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 talk with the Ascian, and he seated himself beside me. "Do
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 you remember me, Lictor?" he asked. "My name is Winnoc.\'94
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I shook my h\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ead.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "It was I who bathed you and cared for you on the night
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you arrived," he told me. "I have been waiting until you were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 well enough to speak. I would have come last night, but you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 were deep in talk already with one of our postulants."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I asked what he \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wished to speak to me about.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "A moment ago I called you Lictor, and you did not deny
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it. Are you indeed a lictor? You were dressed as one that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 night."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I have been a lictor," I said. "Those are the only clothes I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 own."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "But you are a lictor no longer?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I shook my head. "I came north to enter the army."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Ah," he said. For a moment he looked away.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Surely others do the same."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "A few, yes. Most join in the south, or are made to join. A
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 few come north like you, because they want some special unit
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 where a\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  friend or relation is already. A soldier's life ..."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I waited for him to continue.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "It's a lot like a slave's, I think. I've never been a soldier
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 myself, but I've talked to a lot of them."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Is your life so miserable? I would have thought the Pelerines 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 kind mistresses. Do they beat you?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He smiled at that and turned until I could see his back.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You've been a lictor. What do you think of my scars?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 In the fading light I could scarcely make them out. I ran
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my fingers across them. "Only that they are ver\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 y old and were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 made with the lash," I said.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I got them before I was twenty, and I'm nearly fifty now.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 A man with black clothes like yours made them. Were you a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lictor for long?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "No, not long."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Then you don't know much of the business?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Enough to pr\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 actice it."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "And that's all? The man who whipped me told me he was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from the guild of torturers. I thought maybe you might have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 heard of them."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I have."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Are they real? Some people have told me they died out a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 long time ago, but that isn't what the man \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 who whipped me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 said."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I told him, "They still exist, so far as I'm aware. Do you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 happen to recall the name of the torturer who scourged
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "He called himself Journeyman Palaemon\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 ah, you know
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 him!"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Yes. He was my teacher for a time. He's an old man
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 n\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ow."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "He's still alive, then? Will you ever see him again?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I don't think so."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I'd like to see him myself. Maybe sometime I will. The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Increate, after all, orders all things. You young men, you live
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wild lives\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 I know I did, at your age. Do you know yet\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he shapes everything we do?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Perhaps."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Believe me, it's so, I've seen much more than you. Since it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 is so, it may be that I'll never see Journeyman Palaemon
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 again, and you've been brought here to be my messenger."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Just at that point, when I expe\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cted him to convey to me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 whatever message he had, he fell silent. The patients who
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had listened so attentively to the Ascian's story were talking
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 among themselves now; but somewhere in the stack of soiled
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dishes the old slave had collected, one shifted its\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  position
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with a faint clink, and I heard it.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "What do you know of the laws of slavery?" he asked me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at last. "I mean, of the ways a man or a woman can become a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 slave under the law?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 "Very little,\'94\loch\f2  I said. "A certain friend of mine" (I was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thinking of t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he green man) "was called a slave, but he was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 only an unlucky foreigner who'd been seized by some unscrupulous 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 people. I knew that wasn't legal."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He nodded agreement. "Was he dark of skin?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You might say that, yes."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "In the olden times, or so I've he\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ard, slavery was by skin
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 colour. The darker a man was, the more a slave they made
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 him. That's hard to believe, I know; But we used to have a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 chatelaine in the order who knew a lot about history, and she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 told me. She was a truthful woman."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "No doubt it ori\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ginated because slaves must often toil in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the sun," I observed. "Many of the usages of the past now
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seem merely capricious to us."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 At that he became a trifle angry. "Believe me, young man,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 ve lived in the old days and I've lived now, and I know a lot
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 be\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tter than you which was the best."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "So Master Palaemon used to say."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 As I had hoped it would, that restored him to the principal
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 topic of his thought. "There's only three ways a man can be a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 slave," he said. "Though for a woman it's different, what 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  marriage and the like.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "If a man's brought\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 him being a slave\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 into the Commonwealth 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from foreign parts, a slave he remains, and the master
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that brought him here can sell him if he wants. That's one.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Prisoners of war\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 like this Ascian here\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 are the slaves o\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 f the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Autarch, the Master of Masters and the Slave of Slaves. The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Autarch can sell them if he wants to. Often he does, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 because most of these Ascians aren't much use except for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tedious work, you often find them rowing on the upper rivers.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 That's two.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Number three is that a man can sell himself into some-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 body's service, because a free man is the master of his own
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 body\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 he's his own slave already, as it were."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Slaves," I remarked, "are seldom beaten by torturers.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 What need of it, when they can be beat\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 en by their own
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 masters?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I wasn't a slave then. That's part of what I wanted to ask
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Journeyman Palaemon about. I was just a young fellow that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bad been caught stealing. Journeyman Palaemon came in to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 talk to me on the morning I was going to get my whipp\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ing. I,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thought it was a kindly thing for him to do, although it was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 then that he told me he was from the guild of torturers."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "We always prepare a client, if we can," I said.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "He told me not to try to keep from yelling\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 it doesn't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hurt quite so bad, is w\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hat he told me, if you yell out just as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the whip comes down. He promised me there wouldn't be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 any hitting more than the number the judge said, so I could
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 count them if I wanted to, and that way I'd know when it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was about over. And he said he wouldn't hit h\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 arder than he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had to, to cut the skin, and he wouldn't break any bones."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I nodded.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I asked him then if he'd do me a favour, and he said he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would if he could. I wanted for him to come back afterward
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and talk to me again, and he said he would try to when I\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a little recovered. Then a caloyer came in to read the prayer.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "They tied me to a post, with my hands over my head and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the indictment tacked up above my hands. Probably you've
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 done it yourself many times."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Often enough," I told him.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I doubt the \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 way they did me was any different. I've got
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the scars of it still, but they've faded, just like you say. I've
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seen many a man with worse ones. The jailers, they dragged
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me back to my cell as the custom is, but I think I could have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 walked. It didn't hurt as\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  much as losing an arm or a leg. Here
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I've helped the surgeons take off a good many."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Were you thin in those days?" I asked him.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Very thin. I think you could have counted every rib I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "That was much to your advantage, then. The lash cuts
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 deep in \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a fat man's back, and he bleeds like a pig. People say
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the traders aren't punished enough for short weighing and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the like, but those who speak so don't know how they suffer
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 when they are."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Winnoc nodded to that. "The next day I felt almost as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 strong as ev\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 er, and Journeyman Palaemon came like he'd
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 promised. I told him how it was with me\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 how I lived and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 all\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 and asked him a bit about himself. I guess it seems queer
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to you that I'd talk so to a man that had whipped me?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "No. I've heard of similar things many \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 times."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "He told me he'd done something against his guild. He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wouldn't tell me what it was, but because of it he was exiled
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 for a while. He told me how he felt about it and how lonesome 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he was. He said he'd tried to feel better by thinking
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 how other peop\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 le lived, by knowing they had no more guild
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 than he did. But he could only feel sorry for them, and pretty
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 soon he felt sorry for himself too. He told me that if I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wanted to be happy, and not go through this kind of thing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 again, to find some sort of brothe\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rhood for myself and join."
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Yes?" I asked.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "And I decided to do what he's said. When I was let out, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 spoke to the masters of a lot of guilds, picking and choosing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 them at first, then talking to any I thought might take me,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 like the butchers and the ca\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ndlemakers. None of them would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 take on an apprentice as old as I was, or somebody that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 didn't have the fee, or somebody with a bad character\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 looked at my back, you see, and decided I was a trouble-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 maker.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I thought about signing on a ship or joinin\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 g the army, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 since then I've often wished I'd gone ahead with one or the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 other, although maybe if I had I'd wish now I hadn't, or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 maybe not be living to wish at all. Then I got the notion of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 joining some religious order, I don't know why. I talked to a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bunch of them, and two offered to take me, even when I told
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 them I didn't have any money and showed them my back.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 But the more I heard about the way they were supposed to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 live in there, the less I felt like I could do it. I had been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 drunk a lot, and I like\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d the girls, and I didn't really want to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 change.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 'Then one day when I was standing around on a corner I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 saw a man I took to belong to some order I hadn't talked to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 yet. By that time I was planning to sign aboard a certain ship,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but it wasn't going to sai\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 l for almost a week, and a sailor had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 told me a lot of the hardest work came while they were get-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ting ready, and I'd miss it if I waited until they were about to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 get up the anchor. That was all a lie, but I didn't know it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 then.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Anyway, I followed this \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 man I'd seen, and when he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stopped-he'd been sent to buy vegetables, you see-I went
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 up to him and asked him about his order. He told me he was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a slave of the Pelerines and it was about the same as being in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 an order, bat better. A man could have a drink or t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wo and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nobody'd object so long as he was sober when he came to his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 work. He could lie with the girls too, and there were good
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 chances for that because the girls thought they were holy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 men, more or less, and they travelled all around.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I asked if he thoug\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ht they'd take me, and I said I couldn't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 believe the life was as good as he made it out to be. He said
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he was sure they would, and although he couldn't prove what
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he'd said about the girls right then .and there, he'd prove
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 what he'd said about drinking by \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 splitting a bottle of red
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with me.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "We went to a tavern by the market and sat down, and he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was as good as his word. He told me the life was a lot like a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sailor's, because the best part of being a sailor was seeing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 various places, and they did that. It wa\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s like being a soldier
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 too, because they carried weapons when the order journeyed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in wild parts. Besides all of that, they paid you to sign. In an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 order, the order gets an offering from every man who takes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 their vow. If he decides to leave later, he gets s\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ome of it back,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 depending on how long he's been in. For us slaves, as he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 explained to me, all that went the other way. A slave got paid
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 when he signed. If he left later he'd have to buy his way out,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but if he stayed he could keep all the money.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I had a \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mother, and even though I never went to see her I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 knew she didn't have an aes. While I was thinking about the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 religious orders, I'd got to be more religious myself, and I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 didn't see how I was going to minister to the Increate with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 her on my mind. I signed \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the paper\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 naturally Goslin, the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 slave who'd brought me in, got a reward for it\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 and I took
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the money to my mother."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I said, "That made her happy, I'm sure, and you too."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "She thought it was some kind of trick, but I left it with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 her anyhow. I had to go \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 back to the order, right away, naturally, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and they'd sent somebody with me. Now I've been here
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thirty years."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You're to be congratulated, I hope."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I don't know. It's been a hard life, but then all lives are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hard, from what I've seen of them."
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I to\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 o," I said. To tell the truth, I was becoming sleepy
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and wished that he would go. "Thank you for telling me your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 story. I found it very interesting."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I want to ask you something," he said, "and I want you to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ask Journeyman Palaemon for me if you see him\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  again."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I nodded, waiting.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You-said you thought the Pelerines would be kind mistresses, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and I suppose you're right. I've had a lot of kindness
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from some of them, and I've never been whipped here\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 nothing 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 worse than a few slaps. But you ought to know\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  how they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 do it. Slaves that don't behave themselves get sold, that's all.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Maybe you don't follow me."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I don't think I do."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "A lot of men sell themselves to the order, thinking like I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 did that it'll be an easy life and an adventure. So it is, mostly,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and it's a good feeling to help cure the sick and the wounded.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 But those who don't suit the Pelerines are sold off, and they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 get a lot more for them than they paid them. Do you see how
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it is now? This way, they don't have to beat anybody. About
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the worst p\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 unishment you get is scrubbing out the Jakes.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Only if you don't please them, you can find yourself getting
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 driven down into a mine.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "What I've wanted to ask Journeyman Palaemon all these
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 years ..." Winnoc paused, gnawing at his lower lip. "He was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a tortu\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rer, wasn't he? He said, so, and so did you."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Yes, he was. He still is."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Then what I want to know is whether he told me what he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 did to torment me. Or was he giving me the best advice he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 could?" He looked away so that I would not see his expression. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Will you ask him that for me? Then maybe sometime
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 ll see you again."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I said, "He advised you as well as he could, I'm certain. If
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you'd stayed as you were, you might have been executed by
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 him or another torturer long ago. Have you ever seen a man
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 exec\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 uted? But torturers don't know everything."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Winnoc stood up. "Neither do slaves. Thank you, young
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 man."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I touched his arm to detain him for a moment. "May I ask
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you something now? I myself have been a torturer. If you've
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 feared for so many years that M\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 aster Palaemon had said what
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he did only to give you pain, how do you know that I haven't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 done the same just now?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Because you would have said the other," he told me.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Good night, young man."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I thought for a time about what Winnoc had said, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 about \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 what Master Palaemon had said to him so long ago.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He too had been a wanderer, then, perhaps ten years before I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was bom. And yet he had returned to the Citadel to become
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a master of the guild. I recalled the way Abdiesus (whom I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had betrayed) had wished to \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have me made a Master. Surely,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 whatever crime Master Palaemon had committed had been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hidden later by all the brothers of the guild. Now he was a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 master, though as I had seen all my life, being too accustomed 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to it to wonder at it, it was Master Gurloes wh\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 o directed 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the guild's affairs despite his being so much younger.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Outside the warm winds of the northern summer played
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 among the tent ropes; but it seemed to me that I climbed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the steep steps of the Matachin Tower again and heard the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cold winds sing among\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  the keeps of the Citadel.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 At last, hoping to turn my mind to less painful matters, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stood and stretched and strolled to Foila's cot. She Was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 awake, and I talked with her for a time, then asked if I might
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 judge the stories now; but she said I would have\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  to wait one
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 more day at least.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 XIII
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Foila's Story-The Armigers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Daughter
\par }{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "HALLVARD AND MELITO and even the Ascian have had their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 chances. Don't you think I'm entitled to one too? Even a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 man who courts a maid thinking he has no rivals has one, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hat one is herself. She may give herself to him, but she may
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 also choose to keep herself for herself. He has to convince her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 feat she will be happier with him than by herself, and though
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 men convince maids of that often, it isn't often true. In this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 compet\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ition I will make my own entry, and win myself for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 myself if I can. If I marry for tales, should I marry someone
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 who's a worse teller of them than I am myself?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Each of the men has told a story of his own country. I will
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 do the same. My land is the land\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  of the far horizons, of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wide sky. It is the land of grass and wind and galloping hoofs.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 In summer the wind can be as hot as the breath of an oven,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and when the pampas take fire, the line of smoke stretches a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hundred leagues and the lions ride our catt\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 le to escape it,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 looking like devils. The men of my country are brave as bulls
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and the women are fierce as hawks.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "When my grandmother was young, there was a villa in my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 country so remote that no one ever came there. It belong
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to an armiger, a feudatory \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the Liege of Pascua. The lands
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 were rich, and it was a fine house, though the roof beams had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been dragged by oxen all one summer to get them to the site.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The walls were of earth, as the walls of all the houses in my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 country are, and they were three pace\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s thick. People who live
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in woodlands scoff at such walls, but they are cool and make
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a fine appearance whitewashed and will not burn. There was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a tower and a wide banqueting hall, and a contrivance of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ropes and wheels and buckets by which two merychips, w\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 alking 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in a circle, watered the garden on the roof.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "The armiger was a gallant man and his wife a lovely
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 woman, but of all their children only one lived beyond the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 first year. She was tall, brown as leather yet smooth as oil,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with hair the colour of the \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 palest wine and eyes dark as thunderheads. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Still, the villa where they dwelt was so remote that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 no one knew and no one came to seek her. Often she rode all
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 day alone, hunting with her peregrine or dashing after her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 spotted hunting cats when they had start\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ed an antelope.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Often too she sat alone in her bedchamber all the day, hearing 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the song of her lark in its cage and turning the pages of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 old books her mother had carried from her own home.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "At last her father determined that she must wed, for she
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was nea\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 r the twentieth year, after which few would want her.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Then he sent his servants everywhere for three hundred
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 leagues around, crying her beauty and promising that on his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 death her husband should hold all that was his. Many fine
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 riders came, with silver-moun\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ted saddles and coral on the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pommels of their swords. He entertained them all, and his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 daughter, with her hair in a man's hat and a long knife in a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 man's sash, mingled with them, feigning to be one of them,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 so that she might hear who boasted of many women \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and see
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 who stole when he thought himself unobserved. Each night
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 she went to her father and told him their names, and When
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 she had gone he called them to him and told them of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stakes where no one goes, where men bound in rawhide die in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the sun; and the \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 next morning they saddled their mounts and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rode away.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Soon there remained but three. Then the armiger's
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 daughter could go among them no more, for with so few she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 feared they would surely know her. She went to her bed-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 chamber and let down her hair and br\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ushed it, and took off
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 her hunting clothes and bathed in scented water. She put
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rings on her fingers and bracelets on her arms and wide hoops
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of gold in her ears, and on her head that thin circlet of fine
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gold that an armiger's daughter is entitled to wear\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 . In short,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 she did all she knew to make herself beautiful, and because
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 her heart was brave, perhaps there was no maid anywhere
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 more beautiful than she.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "When she was dressed as she wished, she sent her servant
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to call her father and the three suitors to\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  her. "Now behold
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me,' she said. "You see a ring of gold about my brow, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 smaller rings suspended from my ears. The arms that will
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 embrace one of you are themselves embraced by rings smaller
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 still, and rings yet smaller are on my fingers. My chest of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 jew\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 els lies open before you, and there are no more rings to be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 found in it; but there is another ring still in this room\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 a ring
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I do not wear. Cam one of you discover it and bring it to me?'
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "The three suitors looked up and down, behind the arras,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and benea\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 th the bed. At last the youngest took the lark's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cage from its hook and carried it to the armiger's daughter;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and there, about the lark's right leg, was a tiny ring of gold.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 'Now hear me,' she said. 'My husband shall be the man who
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shows me this little bro\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wn bird again.\hich\f2 \rquote 
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "And with that she opened the cage and thrust in her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hand, then carrying the lark upon her finger took it to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 window and tossed it in the air. For a moment the three
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 suitors saw the gold ring glint in the sun. The lark rose until
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it wa\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s no more than a dot against the sky.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Then the suitors rushed down the stair and out the door,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 calling for their mounts, the swift-footed friends that had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 carried them already so many leagues across the empty pampas. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Their silver-mounted saddles they t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hrew upon their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 backs, and in less than a moment all three were gone from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the sight of the armiger and the armiger's daughter, and from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 each other's as well, for one rode north toward the jungles,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and one east toward the mountains, and the youngest west
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ward the restless sea.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "When he who went north had ridden for some days, he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 came to a river too swift for swimming and rode along its
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bank, ever harkening to the songs of the birds who dwelt
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 there, until he reached a ford. In that ford a rider in brown
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at a brown destrier. His face was masked with a brown neck-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cloth, his cloak, his hat, and all his clothing were of brown,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and about the ankle of his brown right boot was a ring of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gold.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 " 'Who are you?' " called the suitor.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The figure in brown answere\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d not a word.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 " 'There was among us at the armiger's house a certain
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 young man who vanished on the day before the last day,' said
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the suitor, 'and I think that you are he. In someway you have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 learned of my quest, and now you seek to prevent me. Well,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sta\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nd clear of my road, or die where you stand.'
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "And with that he drew sword and spurred his destrier into
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the water. For some time they fought as the men of my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 country fight, with the sword in the right hand and the long
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 knife in the left, for the suitor \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was strong and brave, and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rider in brown was quick and blade-crafty. But at last the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 latter fell, and his blood stained the water.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "'I leave you your mount,' the suitor called, 'if your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 strength is sufficient to get you into the saddle again. For I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 m a merciful man.' And he rode away.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "When he who had ridden toward the mountains had rid-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 den for some days also, he came to such a bridge as the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mountain people build, a narrow affair of rope and bamboo,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stretched across a chasm like the web of a spide\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 r. No man but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a fool attempts to ride across such a contrivance, and so he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dismounted and led his mount by the reins.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "When he began to cross it seemed to him that the bridge
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was all empty before him, but he had not come a quarter of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the way when a figure\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  appeared in the centre. In form it was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 much like a man, but it was all of brown save for one flash of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 white, and it seemed to fold brown wings about itself. When
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the second suitor was closer still he saw that it wore a ring of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gold about the ankle of one \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 boot, and the brown wings now
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seemed no more than a cloak of that colour.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Then he traced a Sign in the air before him to protect
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 him from those spirits that have forgotten their creator, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he called, *Who are you? Name yourself!'
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 " \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 You see me,' the\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  figure answered him. "Name me true,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and your wish is my wish."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 " 'You are the spirit of the lark sent forth by the armiger's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 daughter,' said the second suitor. "Your form you may
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 change, but the ring marks you.\hich\f2 \rquote 
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "At that, the figure in brown drew swor\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d and presented it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hilt foremost to the second suitor. 'You have named me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rightly,' it said. "What would you have me do?'
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 " 'Return with me to the armiger's house,' said the suitor,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "so that I may show you to the armiger's daughter and so win
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 her.\hich\f2 \rquote 
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Tw\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ill return with you gladly, if that is what you wish,'
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 said the figure in brown. "But I warn you now that if she sees
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me, she will not see in me what you see.'
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 " \hich\f2 \lquote \loch\f2 Nevertheless, come with me,' answered the suitor, for he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 did not know what else to say.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 On such a bridge as the mountain people build, a man
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 may turn about without much difficulty, but a four-legged
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 beast finds it nearly impossible to do so. Therefore, they were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 forced to continue to the farther side in order that the second 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 suitor might fac\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e his mount toward the armiger's house
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 once more. 'How tedious this is,' he thought as he walked the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 great catenary of the bridge, 'and yet, how difficult and dangerous. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Cannot that be used to my benefit?' At last he called
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to the figure in brown, 'I must\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  walk this bridge, and then
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it again. But must you do so as well? Why don't you fly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to the other side and wait there for me?'
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "At that, the figure in brown laughed, a wondrous trilling
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 'Did you not see that one of my wings is bandaged? I fluttered 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 too n\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ear one of your rivals, and he slashed at me with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 his sword.'
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "'Then you cannot fly far?' asked the second suitor.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 " 'No indeed. As you approached this bridge I was perched
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 on the brown walkway resting, and when I heard your tread I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had scarcely streng\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 th to flutter up.'
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 " 'I see,' said the second suitor, and no more. But to himself 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he thought: 'If I were to cut this bridge, the lark would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 be forced to take bird-form again\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 yet it could not fly far, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I should surely kill it. Then I could carry it ba\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ck, and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 armiger's daughter would know it."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "When they reached the farther side, he patted the neck
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of his mount and turned it about, thinking that it would die,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but that the best such animal was a small price to set against
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the ownership of great her\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ds. 'Follow us,' he said to the figure
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in brown, and led his mount onto the bridge again, so that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 over that windy and aching chasm he went first, and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 destrier behind him, and the figure in brown last of all. 'The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 beast will rear as the bridge falls,' h\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e thought, 'and-the spirit
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the lark will not be able to dash past, so it must resume its
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bird shape or perish.' His plans, you see, were themselves
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shaped by the beliefs of my land, where those who set store
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in shape-changers will tell you that like tho\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ughts they will
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not change once they have been made prisoner.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Down the long curve of the bridge again walked the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 three, and up the side from which the second suitor had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 come, and as soon as he set foot on the rock, he drew his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sword, sharp as his labour\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  could make it. Two handrails of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rope the bridge had,, and two cables of hemp to support the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 roadway. He ought to have cut those first, but he wasted a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 moment on the handrails, and the figure in brown sprang
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from behind into the destrier's saddle, drove sp\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ur to its
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 flanks, and rode him down. Thus he died under the hoofs of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 his own mount,
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "When the youngest suitor, who had gone toward the sea,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had ridden some days as well, he reached its marge. There on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the beach beside the unquiet sea he met someone cloak\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ed in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 brown, with a brown hat, and a brown cloth across nose and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mouth, and a gold ring about the ankle of a brown boot.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 " 'You see me," the person in brown called. 'Name me true,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and your wish shall be my wish/
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "'You are an angel,' replied the younges\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t suitor, 'sent to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 guide me to the lark I seek."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "At that the brown angel drew a sword and presented it,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hilt foremost, to the youngest suitor, saying, 'You have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 named me rightly. What would you have me do?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Never will I attempt to thwart the will of \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the Liege of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Angels,' answered the youngest suitor. 'Since you are sent to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 guide me to the lark, my only wish is that you shall do so."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 " 'And so I shall,' said the angel. 'But would you go by the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shortest road? Or the best?'
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "At that the youngest suit\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 or thought to himself, 'Here
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 surely is some trick. Ever the empyrean powers rebuke the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 impatience of men, which they, being immortal, can easily
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 afford to do. Doubtless the shortest way lies through the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 horrors of caverns underground, or something like.' T\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 here-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fore he answered the angel, 'By the best. Would not it dishonour 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 her whom I shall wed to travel any other?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 " 'Some say one thing and some another,' replied the an-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gel. 'Now let me mount up behind you. Not far from here
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 there is a goodly port, an\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d there I have just sold two destriers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as good as yours or better. We shall sell yours as well, and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gold ring that circles my boot.'
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "In the port they did as the angel had indicated, and with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 their money purchased a ship, not large but swift and soun\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and hired three knowing seamen to work her.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "On the third day out from port, the youngest suitor had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 such a dream by night as young men have. When he woke he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 touched the pillow near his head and found it warm, an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 when he lay down to sleep again, he wind\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ed some delicate
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 perfume\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 the odour, it might have been, of the flowering
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 grasses the women of my land dry in spring to braid in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hair.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "An isle they reached where no men come, and the youngest 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 suitor went ashore to search for the lark. He found it no\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but at the dying of the day stripped off his garments to cool
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 himself in the surging sea. There, when the stars had brightened, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 another joined him. Together they swam, and together
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lay telling tales on the beach.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "One day while they were peering over\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  the prow of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ship for another (for they traded at times and at times fought
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 also) a great gust of wind came and the angel's hat was blow
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 into the all-devouring sea, and soon the brown cloth that had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 covered her face went to join it.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "At last they gre\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 w weary of the unresting sea and thought
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of my land, where the lions ride our cattle in autumn when
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the grass burns, and the men are brave as bulls and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 women fierce as hawks. Their ship they had called the }{\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Lark}{\dbch\af23 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and now the }{\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Lark}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  flew across blue waters,\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  each morn impaling 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the red sun upon her bowsprit. In the port where the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had bought her they sold her and received three times the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 price, for she had become a famous vessel, renowned in song
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and story; and indeed, all who came to the port wondered at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 how \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 small she was, a trim, brown craft hardly a score of paces
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from stem to rudderpost. Their loot they sold also, and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 goods they had gained by trading. The people of my land
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 keep the best destriers they breed for themselves, but it is tothis port that th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ey bring the best of those they sell, and there
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the youngest suitor and the angel bought good mounts an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 filled their saddlebags with gems and gold, and set out for the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 armiger's house that is so remote that no one ever comes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 there.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Many a scrape did they\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  have upon the way, and many a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 time bloody the swords that had been washed so often in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cleansing sea and wiped on sailcloth or sand. Yet at last come
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 they did. There the angel was welcomed by the armiger,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shouting, and by his wife, weeping, and by all \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the servants,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 talking. And there she doffed her brown clothing and became
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the armiger's daughter of old once more.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "A great wedding was planned. In my land such things
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 take many days, "for there are roasting pits to be dug anew,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and cattle to be slaughte\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 red, and messengers who must ride
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 for days to fetch guests who must ride for days also. On the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 third day, as they waited, the armiger's daughter sent her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 servant to the youngest suitor, saying, "My mistress will not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hunt today. Rather, she invites you to h\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 er bedchamber, to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 talk of times past upon sea and land."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "The youngest suitor dressed himself in the finest of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 clothes he had bought when they had returned to port, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 soon was at the door of the armiger\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s daughter.
\par 
\par \tab \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 He found her sitting on a wind\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ow seat, turning the pages
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of one of the old books her mother had carried from her own
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 home and listening to the singing of a lark in a cage. To that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cage he went, and saw that the lark had a ring of gold about
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 one leg. Then he looked at the armiger's daug\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hter, wondering.
\par 
\par \tab \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 'Did the angel you met upon the strand not promise
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you should be guided to this lark?" she said. 'And by the best
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 road? Each morning I open his cage and cast him out upon
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the wind to exercise his wings. Soon he returns to it again,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wher\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e there is food for him, clean water, and safety."
\par 
\par \tab \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 Some say the wedding of the youngest suitor and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 armiger's daughter was the finest ever seen in my land."
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 XIV
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Mannea}{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 THAT NIGHT THERE WAS much talk of Foila's story, and this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 time it was I who\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  postponed making any judgment among
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the tales. Indeed, I had formed a sort of horror of judging,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the residue, perhaps, of my education among the torturers,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 who teach their apprentices from boyhood to execute the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 instructions of the judges appointed (as th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ey themselves are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not) by the officials of our Commonwealth.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 In addition, I had something more pressing on my mind. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had hoped that our evening meal would be served by Ava,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but when it was not, I rose anyway, dressed myself in my own
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 clothes, and slippe\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d off in the gathering dark.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 It was a surprise\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 a very pleasant one\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 to find that my legs
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 were strong again. I had been free of fever for several days,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 yet I had grown accustomed to thinking myself ill (just as I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had earlier been accustomed to thinking mys\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 elf well) and had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lain in my cot without complaint. No doubt many a man
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 who walks about and does his work is dying and ignorant of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it, and many who lie abed all day are healthier than those
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 who bring their food and wash them.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I tried to recall, as I foll\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 owed the winding paths between
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the tents, when I had felt so well before. Not in the mountains 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 or upon the lake\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 the hardships I had suffered there
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had gradually reduced my vitality until I fell prey to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fever. Not when I fled Thrax, for I was already w\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 orn out from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my duties as lictor. Not when I had arrived at Thrax; Dorcas
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and I had undergone privations in the roadless country nearly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as severe as I was to bear alone in the mountains. Not even
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 when I had been at the House Absolute (a period that now
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 see\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 med as remote as the reign of Ymar), because I had still
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been suffering the after effects of the alzabo and my ingestion
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of Thecla's dead memories.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 At last it came to me: I felt now as I had on that memorable 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 morning when Agia and I had set out for the \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Botanic
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Gardens, the first morning after I had left the Citadel. That
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 morning, though I had not known it, I had acquired the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Claw. For the first time -I wondered if it had not been cursed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as well as blessed. Or perhaps it was only that all the past
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 months \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had been needed for me to recover fully from the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 leaf of the avern that had pierced me that same evening. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 took out the Claw and stared at its silvery gleam, and when I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 raised my eyes, I saw the glowing scarlet of the Pelerines'
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 chapel.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I could hear the\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  chanting, and I knew it would be some
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 time before the chapel would be empty, but I proceeded
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 anyway, and at last slipped through the door and took a place
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in the back. Of the liturgy of the Pelerines, I will say nothing.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Such things cannot always be well \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 described, and even when
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 they can, it is less than proper to do so. The guild called the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Seekers for Truth and Penitence, to which I at one time
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 belonged, has its own ceremonies, one of which I have de-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 scribed in some detail in another place. Certainly th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ose cere-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 monies are peculiar to it, and perhaps those of the Pelerines
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 were peculiar to them as well, though they may once have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been universal.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Speaking in so far as I can as an unprejudiced observer, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would say that they were more beautiful than ours \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but less
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 theatrical, and thus in the long run perhaps less moving, The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 costumes of the participants were ancient, I am sure, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 striking. The chants possessed a queer attraction I have not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 encountered in other music. Our ceremonies were intended
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 chiefly t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 o impress the role of the guild upon the minds of our
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 younger members. Possibly those of the Pelerines had a similar 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 function. If not, then they were designed to engage the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 particular attention of the All-Seeing, and whether they did
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 so I cannot say. In t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he event, the order received no special
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 protection.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 When the ceremony was over and the scarlet-clad priestesses 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 filed out, I bowed my head and feigned to be deep in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 prayer. Very readily, I found, the pretence became the thing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 itself. I remained consciou\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s of my kneeling body, but only as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a peripheral burden. My mind was among the starry wastes,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 far from Urth and indeed far from Urth's archipelago of island 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 worlds, and it seemed to me that that to which I spoke
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was farther still\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 I had come, as it were, to\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  the walk of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 universe, and now shouted through the walls to one who
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 waited outside.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Shouted," I said, but perhaps that is the wrong word
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Rather I whispered, as Bamoch, perhaps, walled up in his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 house, might have whispered through some chink to a sym\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pathetic 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 passerby. I spoke of what I had been when I wore a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ragged shirt and watched the beasts and birds through the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 narrow window of the mausoleum, and what I had become. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 spoke too, not of Vodalus and his struggle against the Autarch, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but of the moti\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ves I had once foolishly attributed to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 him. I did not deceive myself with the thought that I had it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in me to lead millions. I asked only that I might lead myself;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and as I did so, I seemed to see, with a vision increasingly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 clear, through the chink in the \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 universe to a new universe
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bathed in golden light, where my listener knelt to hear me.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 What had seemed a crevice in the world had expanded until
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I could see a face and folded hands, and the opening, like a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tunnel, running deep into a human head that for a\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  time
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seemed larger than the head of Typhon carved upon the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mountain. I was whispering into my own ear, and when I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 realized it I flew into it like a bee and stood up.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Everyone was gone, and a silence as profound as any I have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ever heard seemed to hang in\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  the air with the incense. The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 altar rose before me, humble in comparison to that Agia and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had destroyed, yet beautiful with its lights and purity of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 line and panels of sunstone and lapis lazuli.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Now I came forward and knelt before it. I needed no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 scho\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lar to tell me the Theologoumenon was no nearer now.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Yet he seemed nearer, and I was able\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 for the final time\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 take out the Claw, something I had feared I could not do.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Forming the syllables only in my mind, I said, "I have carried
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you over many mountains\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 , across rivers, and across the pampas, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 You have given Thecla life in me. You have given me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Dorcas, and you have restored Jonas to this world. Surely I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have no complaint of you, though you must have many of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me. One I shall not deserve. It shall not be sai\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d that I did not-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 do what I might to undo the harm I have done."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I knew the Claw would be swept away if I were to leave it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 openly on the altar. Mounting the dais, I searched among its
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 furnishings for a place of concealment that should be secure
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and perma\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nent, and at last noticed that the altar-stone itself
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was held from below with four clamps that had surely never
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been loosed since the altar was constructed, and seemed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 likely to remain in place so long as it stood. I have strong
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hands, and I was able to f\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ree them, though I do not think
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 most men could. Beneath the stone some wood had been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 chiselled away so that it should be supported at the edges
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 only and would not rock\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 it was more than I had dared to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hope for. With Jonas's razor I cut a small square of clo\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 th
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from the edge of my now-tattered guild cloak. In it I wrap-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ped the daw, then I laid it under the stone and retightened
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the clamps, bloodying my fingers in my effort to make sure
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 they would not come loose by accident.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 As I stepped away from the altar \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I felt a profound sorrow,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but I had not gone halfway to the door of the chapel before I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was seized with wild joy. The burden of life and death had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been lifted from me. Now I was only a man again, and I was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 delirious with delight. I felt as I had felt as a \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 child when the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 long lessons with Master Malrubius were over and I was free
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to play in the Old Yard or clamber across, the broken curtain
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wall to run among the trees and mausoleums of our necropolis. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I was disgraced and outcast and homeless, without
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 friend\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  and without money, and I had just given up the most
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 valuable object in the world, which was, perhaps, in the end
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the only valuable object in the world. And yet I knew that all
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would be well. I had climbed to the bottom of existence and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 felt it with my han\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ds, and I knew that there was a bottom,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and that from this point onward I could only rise. I swirled
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my cloak about me as I had when I was an actor, for I knew
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that I was an actor and no torturer, though I had been a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 torturer. I leaped into the air and cap\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ered as the goats do on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the mountainside, for I knew that I was a child, and that no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 man can be a man who is not.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Outside, the cool air seemed expressly made for me, a new
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 creation and not the ancient atmosphere of Urth. I bathed in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it, first spreading m\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 y cloak then raising my arms to the stars,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 filled my lungs as does one who has just escaped drowning in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the fluids of birth.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 All this took less time than it has required to describe it,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and I was about to start back to the lazaret tent from which I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had c\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ome when I became aware of a motionless figure watching 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me from the shadows of another tent some distance off.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ever since the boy and I had escaped the blindly questing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 creature that had destroyed the village of the magicians, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had been afraid that some \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of Hethor's servants might search
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me out again. I was about to flee when the figure stepped
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 into the moonlight, and I saw it was only a Pelerine.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Wait," she called. Then, coming nearer, "I am afraid I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 frightened you."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Her face was a smooth oval that s\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eemed almost sexless.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 She was young, I thought, though not so young as Ava and a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 good two heads taller\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 a true exultant, as tall as Thecla had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I said, "When one has lived long with danger ..."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I understand. I know nothing of war, but much of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 men and women who have seen it."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "And now how may I serve you. Chatelaine?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "First I must know if you are well. Are you?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Yes," I said. "I will leave this place tomorrow."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You were in the chapel giving thanks, then, for your recovery."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I hesita\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ted. "I had much to say. Chatelaine. That was a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 part of it, yes."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "May I walk with you?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Of course. Chatelaine."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I have heard it said that a tall woman seems taller than any
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 man, and perhaps it is true. This woman was far less in stature 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 than Balda\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nders had been, yet walking beside her made
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me feel almost dwarfish. I recalled too how Thecla had bent
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 over me when we embraced, and how I had kissed her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 breasts.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 When we had taken two score steps or so, the Pelerine
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 said, "You walk -well. Your legs are\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  long, and I think they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have covered many leagues. You are not a cavalry trooper?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I have ridden a bit, but not with the cavalry. I came
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 through the mountains on foot, if that's what you mean,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Chatelaine."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "That is well, for I have no mount for you. B\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ut I do not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 believe I have told you my name. I am Mannea, mistress of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the postulants of our order. Our Domnicellae is away, and so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 for the moment I am in charge of our people here."
\par 
\par \tab \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 I am Severian of Nessus, a wanderer. I wish that I could
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 give you a tho\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 usand chrisos to help carry out your good work,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but I can only thank you for the kindness I have received
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 here."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "When I spoke of a mount, Severian of Nessus, I was neither 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 offering to sell you one nor offering to give you one in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 (he hope of thus earnin\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 g your gratitude. If we do not have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 your gratitude now, we shall not get it."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You have it," I told her, "as I've said. As I've also said, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 will not linger here presuming on your kindness.'
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Mannea looked down at me. "I did not think you would.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 This mo\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rning a postulant told me how one of the sick had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gone to the chapel with her two nights ago and described
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 him. This evening, when you remained behind after the rest
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 left, I knew you were he. I have a task, you see, and no one to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 perform it. In calmer days\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  I would send a party of our slaves,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but they are trained in the care of the sick, and we have need
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of every one of them and more. Yet it is said, *He sends the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 beggar a stick and to the hunter a spear.' "
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I have no wish to insult you. Chatelaine, but I\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  think that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 if you trust me because I went to your chapel you trust me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 for a bad reason. For all you know, I could have been stealing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gems from the altar."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You mean that thieves and liars often come to pray. By
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the blessing of the Conciliator they do. B\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 elieve me, Severian,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wanderer from Nessus, no one else does\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 in the order or out
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of it. But you molested nothing. We have not half the power
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ignorant people suppose\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 nevertheless, those who think us
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 without power are more ignorant still. Will you go on an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 er\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rand for me? I'll give you a safe-conduct so you will not be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 taken up as a deserter."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "If the errand is within my powers. Chatelaine."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 She put her hand on my shoulder. It was the first time she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had touched me, and I felt a slight shock, as though I had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been brushed unexpectedly by the wing of a bird.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "About twenty leagues from here," she said, "is the hermitage 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of a certain wise and holy anchorite. Until now he has
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been safe, but all this summer the Autarch has been driven
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 back, and soon the fury of t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he war will roll over that place.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Someone must go to him and persuade him to come to us\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 if he cannot be persuaded, force him to come. I believe the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Conciliator has indicated that you are to be the messenger.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Can you do it?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I'm no diplomatist," I tol\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d her. "But for the other business, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I can honestly say I have received long training."
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 XV
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Last House}{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 MANNEA HAD GIVEN me a rough map showing the location of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the anchorite's retreat, emphasizing that if I failed to follow
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the course indicated on\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  it precisely, I would almost certainly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 be unable to locate it.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 In what direction that house lay from the lazaret I cannot
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 say. The distances shown on the map were in proportion to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 their difficulty, and turnings were adjusted to suit the dimensions 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e paper. I began by walking east, but soon found
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that the route I followed had turned north, then west
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 through a narrow canyon threaded by a rushing stream, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at last south.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 On the earliest leg of my journey, I saw a great many soldiers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 once a double co\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lumn lining both sides of the road
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 while mules carried back the wounded down the centre.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Twice I was stopped, but each time the display of my safe-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 conduct permitted me to proceed. It was written on cream-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 coloured parchment, the finest I had then seen, an\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d bore the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 narthex sigil of the order stamped in gold. It read:
\par 
\par }{\b\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 To Those Who Serve-
\par }{\fs16\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The letter you read shall identify our servant Severian of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Nessus, a young man dark of hair and eye, pale of face, thin,
\par }{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs16\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and well above the middle height. As you honor t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he memory
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we guard, and yourselves may wish in time for succour and if
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 need be an honourable interment, we beg you not hinder this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Severian as he prosecutes the business we have entrusted to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 him, but rather provide him such aid as he may require and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you ca\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 n supply.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs16\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 For the Order of the Journeying Monials of the Concilia-
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs16\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tor, called Pelerines, I am
\par 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Chatelaine Mannea
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Instructress and
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Directress}{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Once I had entered the narrow canyon, however, all the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 armies of the world seemed to vanish. \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I saw no more soldiers,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and the rushing water drowned the distant thundering of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Autarch's sacars and culverins\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 if indeed they could have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been heard in that place at all.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The anchorite's house had been described to me and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 description augmented by \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a sketch on the map I carried;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 moreover, I had been told that two days would be required
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 for me to reach it. I was considerably surprised, therefore,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 when, at sunset, I looked up and saw it perched atop the cliff
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 looming over me.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 There was no mistaking i\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t. Mannea's sketch had captured
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 perfectly that high, peaked gable with its air of lightness and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 strength Already a lamp shone in one small window.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 In the mountains I had climbed many cliffs; some had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been much higher than this one, and some\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 at least in a\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ppearance
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 more sheer. I had by no means been looking forward 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to camping among the rocks, and as soon as I saw the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 anchorite's house, I decided I would sleep in it that night.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The first third of the climb was easy. I scaled the rock face
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 like a cat and w\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as more than halfway up the whole of it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 before the fading of the light.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I have always had good night vision; I told myself the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 moon would soon be out and continued. In that I was wrong.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The old moon had died while I lay in the lazaret, and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 new would \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not be born for several days. The stars shed some
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 light, though they were crossed and recrossed by bands of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hurrying clouds; but it was a deceptive light that seemed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 worse than none, save when I did not have it. I found myself
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 recalling then how Agia had w\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 aited with her assassins for me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to emerge from the underground realm of the man-apes. The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 skin of my back crawled as though in anticipation of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 arbalests' blazing bolts.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Soon a worse difficulty overtook me: I lost my sense of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 balance. I do not mean th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at I was entirely at the mercy of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 vertigo. I knew, in a general way, that down was in the direction 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of my feet and up in the direction of the stars; but I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 could be no more precise than that, and because I could not,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I could judge only poorly how far I mig\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ht lean out to search
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 for each new handhold.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Just when this feeling was at its worst, the hurrying clouds
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 closed their ranks, and I was left in total darkness. Sometimes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it seemed to me that the cliff face had assumed a more gentle
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 slope, so that I might\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  almost have stood erect and walked up
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it Sometimes I felt that it was beetling out\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 I must ding to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the underside or fall. Often I felt certain I had not been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 climbing ^t all, but edging long distances to the left or right.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Once I found myself almost head d\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ownward.
\par \tab 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 At last I reached a ledge, and there I determined to stay
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 until the light came again. I wrapped myself in my cloak, lay
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 down, and shifted my body to bring my back firmly against
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the rock. No resistance met it. I shifted once more and still
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 felt\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  nothing. I grew afraid that my sense of direction had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 deserted me even as my sense of balance had, and that I had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 somehow turned myself about and was edging toward the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 drop. After feeling the rock to either side, I rolled on my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 back and extended my arms. \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2                     
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 At that moment there came a flash of sulfurous light that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dyed the belly of every cloud. Not far off, some great bombard had loosed its cargo of death, and in that hectic illumination 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I saw that I had gained the top of the cliff, an\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that the house I had seen there was nowhere to be found, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lay upon an empty expanse of rock and felt the first drops of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ac coming rain patter against my face.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Next morning, cold and miserable, I ate some of the food I
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had carried from the lazaret and \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 made my way down the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 farther side of the high hill of which the cliff had formed a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 part. The slope there was easier, and it was my intention to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 double about the shoulder of the hill until I again reached
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the narrow valley indicated on my map.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I could not \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 do so. It was not: that my way was blocked, but
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rather that when, after long walking, I arrived at what should
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have been the location I sought, I found an entirely different
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 place, a shallower valley and a broader stream. After several
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 watches wasted searc\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hing there, I discovered the spot from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 which (as it seemed to me) I had seen the anchorite's house
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 perched upon the cliff top. Needless to say, it was not there
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 now, nor was the cliff so high nor so steep as I recalled it.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 It was there that I took out the\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  map again, and studying it
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 noticed that Mannea had written, in a hand so fine that I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 could scarcely believe it had been done with the pen I had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seen her use, the words }{\b\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 THE LAST HOUSE}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  beneath the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 image of the anchorite's dwelling. For some reason those
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wor\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ds and the picture of the house itself atop its rock re-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 called to me the house Agia and I had seen in the Jungle
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Garden, where husband and wife had sat listening to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 naked man called Isangoma. Agia, who had been wise in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ways of all the Botanic Gard\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ens, had told me there that if I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 turned on the path and attempted to go back to the hut I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 should not find it.' Reflecting upon that incident, I discovered 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that I did not now believe her, but that I had believed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 her at the time. It might be, of course, tha\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t my loss of credulity 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was only a reaction to her treachery, of which I had by
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 now had a sufficient sample. Or it might merely be that I was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 far more ingenuous then, when I was less than a day gone
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from the Citadel and the nurturing of the guild. But if w\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 also possible\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 so it seemed to me now\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 that I had believed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 then because I had just seen the thing for myself, and that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the sight of it, and the knowledge of those people, had carried
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 its own conviction.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Father Inire was alleged to have built the Botanic\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  Gardens. 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Might it not be that some part of the knowledge he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 commanded was shared by the anchorite? Father Inire, too,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had built the secret room in the House Absolute that had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 appeared to be a painting. I had discovered it by accident
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but only because I h\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ad followed the instructions of the old
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 picture cleaner, who had meant that I should. Now I was no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 longer following the instructions of Mannea.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I retraced my way around the shoulder of the hill and up
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the easy slope. The steep cliff I recalled dropped bef\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ore me,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and at its base rushed a narrow stream whose song filled all
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the strait valley. The position of the sun indicated that I had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at most two watches of light remaining, but by that light the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 diff was far easier to descend than it had been to climb by
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 n\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ight. In less than a watch I was down, standing in the narrow 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 valley I had left the evening before. I could see no lamp
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at any window, but the Last House stood where it had been,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 founded upon stone over which my boots had walked that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 day. I shook my head,\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  turned away from it, and used the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dying light to read the map Mannea had drawn for me.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Before I go further, I wish to make it clear that I am by no
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 means certain there was anything preternatural in all that I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have described. I saw the Last House thus twi\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ce, but on both
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 occasions under similar lighting, the first time being by late
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 twilight and the second by early twilight. It is surely possible
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that what I saw was no more than a creation of rocks and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shadows, the illuminated window a star.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 As to the vani\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shing of the narrow valley when I tried to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 come upon it from the other direction, there is no geographical 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 feature more prone to disappear from sight than such a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 narrow declivity. The slightest unevenness in the ground conceals
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it. To protect themselves f\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rom marauders, some of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 autochthonous peoples of the pampas go so far as to build
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 their villages in that form, first digging a pit whose bottom
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 can be reached by a ramp, then excavating houses and stables
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from the sides of it. As soon as the grass has c\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 overed the cast-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 out earth, which occurs very rapidly after the winter rains,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 one may ride to within half a chain of such a place without
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 realizing it exists.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 But though I may have been such a fool, I do not believe I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was; Master Palaemon used to say tha\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t the supernatural exists 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in order that we may not be humiliated at being frightened 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 by the night wind; but I prefer to believe that there was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 some element truly uncanny surrounding that house. I believe 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it now more firmly than I did then.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 However it \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 may be, I followed the map I had been given
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from that time forward, and before the night was more than
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 two watches old, found myself climbing a path that led to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the door of the Last House, which stood at the edge of just
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 such a cliff as I remembered. As Ma\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nnea had said, the trip
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had taken just two days.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 XVI
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Anchorite
\par }{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 THERE WAS A PORCH. It was hardly higher than the stone upon
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 which it stood, but it ran to either side of the house and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 around the^ corners, like those long porches one sometimes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sees\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  on the better sort of country houses, where there is little
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to fear and the owners like to sit in the cool of the evening
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and watch Urth fall below Lune. I rapped at the door, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 then, when no one answered, walked around this porch, first
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 right, then lef\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t, peering in the windows.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 It was too dark inside for me to see anything, but I found
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that the porch circled the house as far as the edge of the cliff,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and there ended without a railing. I knocked again as fruitlessly 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as before and had laid myself on th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e porch to sleep (for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 having a roof over it, it was a better place than any I was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 likely to find among the rocks) when I heard faint footsteps.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Somewhere high in that high house, a man was walking.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 His steps were but slow at first, so that I thought he m\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ust be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 an old man or a sick one. As they came nearer, however, they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 became firmer and more swift, until as they neared the door
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 they seemed the regular tread of a man of purpose, such a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 one as might, perhaps, command a maniple, or an ile of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cavalry.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  stood again by then and dusted my cloak and made
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 myself as presentable as I could, yet I was only poorly prepared 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 for him I saw when the door swung back. He carried a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 candle as thick as my wrist, and by its light I beheld a face
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that was like the faces o\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 f the Hierodules I had met in Baldanders's 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 castle, save that it was a human face\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 indeed, I felt
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that as the faces of the statues in the gardens of the House
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Absolute had imitated the faces of such beings as Famulimus, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Barbatus, and Ossipago, so their fac\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 es were only imitations, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in some alien medium, of such faces as the one I saw
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 now; I have said often in this account that I remember every-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thing, and so I do; but when I try to sketch that face beside
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 these words of mine I find I cannot do so. No drawing\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  that I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 make resembles it in the least. I can only say that the brows
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 were heavy and straight, the eyes deep-set and deep blue, as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Thecla's were. This man\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s skin was fine as a woman's too, but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 there was nothing womanish about him, and the beard that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 flowed\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  to his waist was of darkest black. His robe seemed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 white, but there was a rainbow shimmering where it caught
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the candlelight.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I bowed as I had been taught in the Matachin Tower and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 told him my name and who had sent me. Then I said, "And
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 are you, sieur, \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the anchorite of the Last House?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He nodded. "I am the last man here. You may call me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ash."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He stood to one side, indicating that I should enter, then
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 led me to a room at the rear of the house, where a wide
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 window overlooked the valley from which I had\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  climbed the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 night before. There were wooden chairs there and a wooden
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 table. Metal chests, dully gleaming in the candlelight, rested
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in the comers and in the angles between floor and walls.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You must pardon the poor appearance of this place," he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 said. "\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 It is here that I receive company, but I have so little
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 company that I have begun to use it as a storeroom."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "When one lives alone in such a lonely spot, it is well to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seem poor. Master Ash. This room, however, does not."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had not thought that face cap\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 able of smiling, yet he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 smiled. "You wish to see my treasures? Look." He rose and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 opened a chest, holding the candle so that it lit the interior.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 There were square loaves of hard bread and packages of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Impressed figs. Seeing my expression he asked, "Are you\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  hungry?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 There is no spell upon this food, if you are fearful of such
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 things.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I was ashamed, because I had carried food for the journey
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and still had some left for the return; but I said, "I would like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 some of that bread, if you can spare it."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He gave m\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e half a loaf already cut (and with a very sharp
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 knife), cheese wrapped in silver paper, and dry yellow wine.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Mannea is a good woman," he told me. "And you, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 think, are a good man of the kind who does not know himself
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to be one\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 some say that is the onl\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 y kind. Does she think I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 can help you?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Rather she believes that I can help you. Master Ash. The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 armies of the Commonwealth are in retreat, and soon the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 battle will overwhelm all this part of the country, and after
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 die battle, the Ascians."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He smiled \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 again. "The men without shadows. It is one of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 those names, of which there are many, that are in error and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 yet perfectly correct. What would you think if an Ascian told
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you he really cast no shadow?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I don't know," I said. "I never heard of such a thing."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "It is an old story. Do you like old stories? Ah, I see a light
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in your eyes, and I wish I could tell it better. You call your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 enemies Ascians, which of course is not what they call themselves, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 because your fathers believed they came from the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 waist of U\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rth, where the sun is precisely overhead at noon.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The truth is that their home is much farther north. Yet Ascians 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 they are. In a fable made in the earliest morning of our
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 race, a man sold his shadow and found himself driven out
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 everywhere he went. No one \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would believe that he was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 human."
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Sipping wine, I thought of the Ascian prisoner whose cot
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had stood beside my own. "Did this man ever regain his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shadow. Master Ash?"
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "No. But for a time he travelled with a man who had no
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 reflection."
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Master Ash fell si\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lent. Then he said, "Mannea is a good
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 woman; I wish that I could oblige you. But I cannot go, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the war will never reach me here, no matter how its columns
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 march."
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I said, "Perhaps it would be possible for you to come with
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me and reassure the Chatelaine\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "That I cannot do either."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I saw then that I would have to force him to accompany
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me, but there seemed to be no reason to resort to duress now;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 there would be plenty of opportunity in the morning. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shrugged my shoulders as though in resignation and ask\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ed,
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "May I then at least sleep here tonight? I will have to return
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and report your decision, but the distance is fifteen leagues or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 more, and I could not walk much farther now."
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Again I saw his faint smile, just such a smile as a carving of
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ivory might ma\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ke when the motion of a torch altered the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shadow of its lips. "I had hoped to have some news of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 world from you," he said. "But I see that you are weary.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Come with me when you have finished eating. I will show
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you to your bed."
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I have no courtly manne\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rs. Master, but I am not so ill-
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bred to sleep when my host still desires my conversation\hich\f2 \emdash 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 though I'm afraid I have little enough news to give. From
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 what I've learned from my fellow sufferers in the lazaret, the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 war proceeds and waxes hotter each day. We a\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 re reinforced
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with legions and half legions, they by whole armies sent down
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from the north. They have much artillery too, and therefore
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we must rely more upon our mounted lances, who can charge
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 swiftly and engage the enemy closely before his heavy pieces
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 c\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 an be pointed. They have more fliers also than they boasted
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 last year, although we have destroyed many. The Autarch
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 himself has come to command, bringing many of his house-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 troops from the House Absolute. But . . ." Shrugging
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 again, I paused to take a bite\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  of bread and cheese.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "The study of war has always seemed to me the least interesting 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 part of history. Even so, there are certain patterns.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 When one side in a long war shows sudden strength, it is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 usually for one of three reasons. The first is that it has
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 formed some new alliance. Do the soldiers of these new armies 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 differ in any way from those in the old?"
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Yes," I said. "I have heard that they are younger and on
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the whole less strong. And there are more women among
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 them."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "No differences in tongue or dr\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ess?" 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I shook my head.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Then for the present at least we can dismiss an alliance.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The second possibility would be the termination of another
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 war, fought elsewhere. If that were so, the reinforcements
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would be veterans. You say they are not, thus only the\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  third
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 remains. For some reason your foes have need of an immediate 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 victory and are straining every limb."
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had finished the bread, but I was truly curious by now.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Why should that be?"
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Without knowing more than I do, I cannot say. Perhaps
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 their leade\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rs fear their people, who have sickened of the war.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Perhaps all the Ascians are only servants, and their masters
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 now threaten to act for themselves."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You extend hope at one moment and snatch it away at
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the next"
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Not I, but history. Have you yourself been\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  at the front?"
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I shook my head.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "That is well. In many respects, the more a man sees of war
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the less he knows of it. How stand the people of your Commonwealth? 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Are they united behind their Autarch? Or has
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the war so worn them that they shout for peace?"
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I laughed at that, and all the old bitterness that had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 helped draw me to Vodalus came rushing back. "Unite?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Shout? I know that you have isolated yourself. Master, to fix
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 your mind on higher things, but I would not have thought
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 any man could know so littl\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e of the land in which he lives
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Careerists, mercenaries, and young would-be adventurers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fight the war. A hundred leagues south it is less than a rumor,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 outside the House Absolute.'
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Master Ash pursed his lips. "Your Commonwealth is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stronger than I would h\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ave believed, then. No wonder your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 foes are in despair."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "If that is strength, may the All Merciful preserve us from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 weakness. Master Ash, the front may collapse at any time. It
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would be wise for you to come with me to a safer place."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He appeared not to\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  have heard. "If Erebus and Abaia and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the rest enter the field themselves, it will be a new struggle. If
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and when. Interesting. But you are tired. Come with me. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 will show you your bed and the high matters that, as you said
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a moment ago, I came here to st\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 udy."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 We ascended two flights and entered a room that must
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have been the one in which I had seen a light the evening
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 before. It was a wide chamber of many windows, and it occupied 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the entire story. There were machines there, but they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 were smaller and fe\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wer than those I had seen in Baldanders's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 castle, and there were tables too, and papers, and many
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 books, and near the centre a narrow bed.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Here I nap," Master Ash explained, "when my work will
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not let me retire. It is not large for a man of your frame, \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 think you will find it comfortable."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had slept on stone the night before; it looked very appealing 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 indeed.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 After showing me where I could relieve myself and wash,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he left. My last glimpse of him before he darkened the light
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 caught the same perf\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ect smile I had seen before.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 An instant later, when my eyes had grown accustomed to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the dark, I ceased to wonder about it, for outside all those
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 many windows there shone ah unbounded pearly radiance.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "We are above the clouds," I said to myself (I, too, h\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 alf
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 smiling), "or rather, some low clouds have come to shroud
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hilltop, unnoticed by me in the darkness but known in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 some fashion to him. Now I see the tops of those clouds, high
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 matters surely, as I saw the tops of clouds from Typhon's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eye." And I laid mys\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 elf down to sleep.
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 XVII
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ragnarok\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 The Final Winter}{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 IT SEEMED STRANGE to wake without a weapon, though for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 some reason I cannot explain, that was the first morning on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 which I had felt so. After the destruction of }{\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Terminus Est}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had slept at the sackin\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 g of Baldanders's castle without fear,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and later journeyed north without fear. Only the night be-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fore, I had slept upon the bare rock of the cliff top weapon-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 less and-perhaps only because I had been so tired\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 had pot
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been afraid. I now think that during a\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ll those days, and indeed 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 during all the days since I had left Thrax, I had been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 putting the guild behind me and coming to believe that I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was what those who encountered me took me for\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 the sort of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would-be adventurer I had mentioned the night before to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Mas\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ter Ash. As a torturer, I had not so much considered my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sword a weapon as a tool and a badge of office. Now in retrospect 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it had become a weapon to me, and I had no weapon.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I thought about that as I lay upon my back on Master
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ash's comfortable mattress,\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  my hands behind my head. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would have to acquire another sword if I remained in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 war-torn lands, and it would be wise to have one even if I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 turned south again. The question was whether to turn south
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 or not. If I remained where I was, I risked being dra\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wn into
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the fighting, where I might well be killed. But for me a return
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to the south would be even more dangerous. Abdiesus, the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 archon of Thrax, had no doubt posted a reward for my capture, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and the guild would almost certainly procure my assassination 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 i\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 f they learned I was anywhere hear Nessus.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 After vacillating over this decision for some time, as one
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 does when only half-awake, I recalled Winnoc and what he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had told me of the slaves of the Pelerines. Because it is a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 disgrace to us if our clients die a\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fter torment, we are taught a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 good deal of leech-craft in the guild; I thought I knew already 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at least as much as they. When I had cured the girl in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the jacal, I had felt suddenly uplifted. The Chatelaine Mannea 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had a good opinion of me already and would\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  have a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 better one when I returned with Master Ash.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 A few moments before, I had been disturbed because I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lacked a weapon. Now I felt I had one\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 resolution and a plan
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 are better than a sword, because a man whets his own edges
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 on them. I threw off the blank\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ets, noticing then for the first
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 time, I think, how soft they were. The big room was cold but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 filled with sunlight; it was almost as though there were suns
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 on all four sides, as though all the walls were east walls. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 walked naked to the nearest window and\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  saw that undulating
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 field of white I had vaguely noted the evening before.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 It was not a mass of cloud but a plain of ice. The window
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would not open, or if it would, I could not solve the puzzle
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of its mechanism; but I put my face close to the glass and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 peered downward as well as I could. The Last House rose, as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had seen before, from a high hill of rock. Now this hill top
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 alone remained above the ice. I went from window to window, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and the view from each was the same. Going back to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the bed that had been\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  mine, I pulled on my trousers and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 boots, and slung my cloak about my shoulders, hardly knowing 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 what it was I did.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Master Ash appeared just as I finished dressing. "I hope I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 do not intrude," he said. "I heard you walking up here."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I shook my head.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 did not want you to become disturbed."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Without my willing it, my hands had gone to my face.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Now some foolish part of me became aware of my bristling
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 beard. I said, "I meant to shave before putting on my cloak.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 That was stupid of me. I haven't shaved since \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I left the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lazaret." It was as though my mind were trudging across the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ice, leaving my tongue and lips to get along as best they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 might.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "There is hot water here, and soap."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "That's good," I said. And then, "If I go downstairs . . ."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 That smile again. "W\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ill it be the same? The ice? No. You
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 are the first to have guessed. May I ask how you did it?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "A long time ago\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 no, only a few months, actually, though
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it seems like such a long time now\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 I went to the Botanic
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Gardens in Nessus. There was a place called t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he Lake of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Birds, where the bodies of the dead seemed to remain fresh
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 forever. I ws told it was some property of the water, but I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wondered even then that there should be so much power in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 water. There was another place too, that they called the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Jungle Garde\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 n, where the leaves were greener than I have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ever known leaves to be\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 not a bright green but dark with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 greenness, as if the plants could never use all the energy the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sun poured down. The people there seemed not of our time,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 though I could not say if they we\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 re of the past, or the future,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 or some third thing that is neither They had a little house. It
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was much smaller than this, but this reminds me of it. I've
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thought often of the Botanic Gardens since I left them, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sometimes I've wondered if their secret w\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ere not that the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 time never changed in the Lake of Birds, and that one moved
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 forward or backward\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 however it might be\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 when walking
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the path of the Jungle Garden. Am I perhaps speaking
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 overmuch?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Master Ash shook his head.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Then when I was coming here, I\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  saw your house at the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 top of this hill. But when I climbed to it, it was gone, and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 valley below was not as I remembered it." I did not know
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 what else to say, and fell silent.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 You are correct," Master Ash told me. "I have been put
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 here to observe what\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  you see about you now. The lower stories 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of my home, however, reach into older periods, of which
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 yours is the oldest."
\par \tab \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 That seems a great wonder."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He shook his head. "It is almost more wonderful that this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 spur of rock has been spared by the glaciers. \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The tops of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 peaks far higher are submerged. It is sheltered by a geographic 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pattern so subtle that it could only be achieved by
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 accident."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "But it too will be covered at last?" I asked.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Yes."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "And what then?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I shall leave. Or rather, I shall leave \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 some time before it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 occurs."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I felt a surge of irrational anger, the same emotion I had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sometimes known as a boy when I could not make Master
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Malrubius understand my questions. "I meant, what of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 Urth?\'94
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He shrugged. "Nothing. What you see is the last gl\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 aciation. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The surface of the sun is dull now; soon it will grow
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bright with heat, but the sun itself will shrink, giving less
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 energy to its worlds. Eventually, should anyone come and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stand upon the ice, he will see it only as a bright star. The ice
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he sta\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nds upon will not be that which you see but the atmosphere 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of this world. And so it will remain for a very long
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 time. Perhaps until the close of the universal day."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I went to another window and looked out again on the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 expanse of ice. "Will this happen s\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 oon?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "The scene you see is many thousands of years in your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 future."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "But before this, the ice must have come from the south."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Master Ash nodded. "And down from the mountaintops.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Come with me."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 We descended to the second level of the house, which I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ha\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d scarcely noticed when I had come upstairs the night before. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The windows were far fewer there, but Master Ash
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 placed chairs before one and indicated that we would sit and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 look out. It was as he had said\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 ice, lovely in its parity, crept
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 down the mountains\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ides to war with the pines. I asked if this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 too were far in the future, and he nodded once more. "You
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 will not live to see it again."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "But so near that the life of a man will nearly reach it?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He twitched his shoulders and smiled beneath his beard.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Let \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 us say it is a thing of degree. You will not see this. Nor
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 will your children, nor theirs. But the process has already
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 begun. It began long before you were born."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I knew nothing of the south, but I found myself thinking
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the island people of Hallvard's\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  story, the precious little
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sheltered places with a growing season, the hunting of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seals. Those islands would not hold men and their families 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 much longer. The boats would scrape over their stony
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 beaches for the last time. }{\b\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "}{\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 My wife, my children, my chi\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ldren, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 my wife.\'94}{\b\i\dbch\af23 
\par }{\dbch\af23 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "At this time, many of your people are already gone," Master 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ash continued. "Those you 'call the cacogens have mercifully 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 carried them to fairer worlds. Many more will leave
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 before the final victory of the ice. I am myself, you see, d\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fended from those refugees."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I asked if everyone would escape.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He shook his head. "No, not everyone. Some would not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 go, some could not be found. No home could be found for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 others."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 For some time I sat looking out at the beleaguered valley
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and tryi\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ng to order my thoughts. At last I said, "I have always
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 found that men of religion tell comforting things that are not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 true, while men of science recount hideous truths. The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Chatelaine Mannea said you were a holy man, but you appear 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to be a man of science\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 , and you said your people had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sent you to our dead Urth to study the ice."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "The distinction you mention no longer holds. Religion
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and science have always been matters of faith in something,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 It is the same something. You are yourself what you call a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 man o\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 f science, so I talk of science to you. If Mannea were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 here with her priestesses, I would talk differently."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I have so many memories that I often become lost among
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 them. Now as I looked at the pines, waving in a wind I could
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not feel, I seemed to hear th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e beating of a drum. "I met
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 another man who said he was from the future once," I said.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "He was green\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 nearly as green as those trees\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 and he told
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me that his time was a time of brighter Sun."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Master Ash nodded. "No doubt he spoke truly."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "But you tell me \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that what I see now is but a few lifetimes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 away, that it is part of a process already begun, and that this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 will be the last glaciation. Either you are a false prophet or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he was."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I am not a prophet," answered Master Ash, "nor was he.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 No one can know the \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 future. We are speaking of the past."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I was angry again. "You told me this was only a few life-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 times away."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I did. But you, and this scene, are past events for me."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I am not a thing of the past! I belong to the present."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "From your own viewpoint you\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  are correct. But you forget
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I cannot see you from your viewpoint. This is my house. It is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 through my windows that you have looked. My house strikes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 its roots into the past. Without that I should go mad here.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 As it is, I read these old centuries like books\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 . I hear the voices
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the long dead, yours among them. You think that time is a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 single thread. It is a weaving, a tapestry that extends forever
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in all directions. I follow a thread backward. You will trace a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 colour forward, what colour I cannot know. Whit\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e may lead
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you to me, green to your green man."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Not knowing what to say, I could only mutter that I had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 conceived of time as a river.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Yes\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 you came from Nessus, did you not? And that was a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 city built about a river. But it was once a city by the sea, an\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you would do better to think of time as a sea. The waves ebb
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and flow, and currents run beneath them."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 \hich\f2 I would like to go downstairs, \'94\loch\f2 I said. "To return to my
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 own time.\'94
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Master Ash said, "I understand."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I wonder if you do. Your time, if I have heard\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  you rightly,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 is that of this house's highest story, and you have a bed there,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and other necessary things. Yet when you are not overwhelmed 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 by your labours you sleep here, according to what
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you have told me. Yet you say this is nearer my time than
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 your ow\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 n."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He stood up. "I meant that I too flee the ice. Shall we go?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 You will want food before you begin the long trip back to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Mannea."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 "We both will,\'94\loch\f2  I said.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He turned to look at me before he started down the stair.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I told you I could not go with you. Y\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ou have discovered for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 yourself how well hidden this house is. For all who do not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 walk the path correctly, even the lowest story stands in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 future.\'94
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I caught both his arms behind him in a double lock and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 used my-free hand to search him for weapons. Th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ere were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 none, and though he was strong, he was not as strong as I had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 feared he might be.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You plan to carry me to Mannea. Is that correct?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Yes, Master, and well have a great deal less trouble if you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 will go willingly. Tell me where I can find some r\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ope\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 I don't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 want to have to use the belt of your robe."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "There is none," he told me.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I bound his hands with his cincture, as I had first planned.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "When we are some distance from here," I said, "I will loose
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you if you will give me your word to behave we\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ll."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I made you welcome in my house. What harm have I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 done you?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Quite a bit, but that doesn't matter. I like you. Master
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ash, and I respect you. I hope that you won't hold what I am
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 doing to you against me any more than I hold what you have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 done to m\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e against you. But the Pelerines sent me to fetch
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you, and I find I am a certain sort of man, if you understand
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 what I mean. Now don't go down the steps too fast. If you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you won't be able to catch yourself."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I led him to the room to which he had first t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 aken me and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 got some of the hard bread and a package of dried fruit.
\par \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 I don\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t think of myself as one anymore," I continued, "but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I was brought up as\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 " It was at my lips to say torturer, but I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 realized (then, I think, for the first time) that it was not qui\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 te
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the correct term for what the guild did and used the official
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 one instead, "\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 as a Seeker for Truth and Penitence. We do
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 what we have said we will do."
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I have duties to perform. In the upper level, where you
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 slept."
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I am afraid they must go unperform\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ed."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He was silent as we went out the door and onto the rocky
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hilltop. Then he said, "I will go with you, if I can. I have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 often wished to walk out of this door and never halt."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I told him that if he would swear upon his honour, I would
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 untie him at once.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He shook his head. "You might think that I betrayed
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 You.\'94
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I did not know what he meant.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Perhaps somewhere there is the woman I have called
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Vine. But your world is your world. I can exist there only if
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the probability of my existence is high."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I said, "I \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 existed in your house, didn't I?"
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Yes, but that was because your probability was complete.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 You are a part of the past from which my house and I have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 come. The question is whether I am the future to which you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 go."
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I remembered the green man in Saltus, wh\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 o had been solid ,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 enough. "Will you vanish like a soap bubble then?" I asked.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Or blow away like Smoke?"
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I do not know," he said. "I do not know what will happen
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to me. Or where I will go when it does. I may cease to exist in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 any time. That was why I ne\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ver left of my own will."
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I took him by one arm, I suppose because I thought I
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 could keep him with me in that way, and we walked on. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 followed the route Mannea had drawn for me/and the Last
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 House rose behind us as solidly as any other. My mind was 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 busy \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with all the things he had told me and showed me, so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that for a while, the space of twenty or thirty paces, perhaps,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I did not look around at him. At last his remark about the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tapestry suggested Valeria to me. The room where we had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eaten cakes had been hun\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 g with them, and what he had said
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 about tracing threads suggested the maze of tunnels through
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 which I had run before encountering her. I started to tell him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of it, but he was gone. My hand grasped empty air. For a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 moment I seemed to see the Last House aflo\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at like a ship
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 upon its ocean of ice. Then it merged into the dark hilltop
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 on which it had stood; the ice was no more than what I had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 once taken it to be\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 a bank of cloud.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 XVIII
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Foila's Request
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 FOR ANOTHER HUNDRED paces or more. Master Ash was not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ntirely gone. I felt his presence, and sometimes even caught
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sight of him, walking beside me and half a step behind, when
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I did not try to look directly at him. How I saw him, how he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 could in some sense be present while in another absent, I do
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not know. Ou\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 r eyes receive a rain of photons without mass or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 charge from swarming particles like a billion, billion suns\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Master Palaemon, who was nearly blind, had taught me.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 From the pattering of those photons we believe we see a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 man. Sometimes the man we believe \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we see may be as illusory 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as Master Ash, or more so.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 His wisdom I felt with me too. It had been a melancholy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wisdom, but a real one. I found myself wishing he had been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 able to accompany me, though I realized it would have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 meant the coming of the ice was\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  certain. "I'm lonely. Master
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ash," I said, not daring to look back. "How lonely I didn't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 realize until now. You were lonely also, I think. Who was the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 woman you called Vine?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Perhaps I only imagined his voice. "The first woman."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Meschiane? Yes, I know\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  her, and she is very lovely. My
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Meschiane was Dorcas, and I am lonely for her, but for all
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the Others too. When Thecla became a part of me, I thought
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I would never be lonely again. But now she is so much a part
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that we're only one person, and I can be lon\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ely for others.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 For Dorcas, for Pia the island girl, for little Severian and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Drotte and Roche. If Eata were here, I could hug him.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Most of all, I'd like to see Valeria. Jolenta was the most
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 beautiful woman I've ever seen, but there was something in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Vale\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ria's face that tore my heart out. I was only a boy, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 suppose, though I didn't think so then. I crawled up out of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the dark and found myself in a place they called the Atrium
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of Time. Towers\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 the towers of Valeria's family\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 rose on all
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sides of it. In the ce\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ntre was an obelisk covered with sundials,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and though I remember its shadow on the snow, it couldn't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have had sunlight there for more than two or three watches
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of each day; the towers must shade it most of the time. Your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 understanding is deeper than mine. \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Master Ash\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 can you tell
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me why they might have built it so?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 A wind that played among the rocks seized my cloak so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that it billowed from my shoulders. I secured it again and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pulled up my hood. "I was following a dog. I called him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Triskele, and I said, ev\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 en to myself, that he was mine, though
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I no right to keep a dog. It was a winter day when I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 found him. We'd been doing laundry\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 washing the clients'
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bedclothes\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 and the drain plugged with rags and lint. I'd
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been shirking my work, and Drotte told me to go out\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 side and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ram a clothes prop up it. The wind was terribly cold. That
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was your ice coming, I suppose, though I didn't know it at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the time\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 the winters getting a little worse each year. And of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 course when I got the drain open, a gush of filthy water
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would come\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  out and wet my hands.
\par 
\par \tab \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 I was angry because I was the oldest, except for Drotte
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and Roche, and I thought the younger apprentices ought to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have to do the work. I was poking at the clog with my stick
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 when I saw him across the Old Yard. The keepers in the B\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ear
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Tower had held a private fight, I suppose, the night before,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and the dead beasts were lying outside their door waiting for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the nacker. There was an arsinoither and a smilodon, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 several dire wolves. The dog was lying on top. I suppose he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had been the\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  last to die, and from his wounds one of the dire
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wolves had killed him. Of course, he wasn't really dead, but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he looked dead.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I went over to see him\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 it was an excuse to stop what I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was doing for a moment and blow on my fingers. He was as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and cold as ..\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 . well, as anything I've ever seen. I killed a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bull once with my sword, and when it was lying dead in its
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 own blood it still looked quite a bit more living than Triskele
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 did then. Anyway, I reached out and stroked his head. It was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as big as a bear's, and t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hey had cut off his ears, so that only
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 two little points were left. When I touched him he opened
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 his eyes. I dashed back across the Yard and rammed the stick
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 up so hard it broke through at once, because I was afraid
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Drotte would send Roche down to see what\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  I was doing.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "When I think back on it, it was as if I had the Claw
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 already, more than a year before I got it. I can't describe how
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he looked when he rolled his eye up to see me. He touched
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my heart. I never revived an animal when I had the Claw,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but then\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  I never tried. When I was among them, I was usually 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wishing I could kill one, because I wanted something to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eat. Now I'm no longer sure that killing animals to eat is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 something we are meant to do. I noticed that you had no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 meat in your supplies\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 only brea\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d and cheese, and wine and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dried fruit. Do your people, on whatever world it is where
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 people live in your time, feel so too?"
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I paused, hoping for an answer, but none came. All the
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mountaintops had dropped below the sun now; I was no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 longer certain whethe\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 r some thin presence of Master Ash
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 followed me or only my shadow.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I said, "When I had the Claw I found that it would not
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 revive those dead by human acts, though it seemed to heal
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the man-ape whose hand I had struck off. Dorcas thought it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was because I had\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  done it myself. I can't say\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 I never thought
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the Claw knew who held it, but perhaps it did."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 A voice\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 not Master Ash's but a voice I had never heard
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 before\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 called out, "A fine new year to you!''
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I looked up and saw, perhaps forty paces off, just such
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 an u\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hlan as Hethor's notules had killed on the green road to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the House Absolute. Not knowing what else to do, I waved
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and shouted, "Is it New Year's Day, then?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He touched spurs to his destrier and came galloping up.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Mid summer today, the beginning of the ne\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 w year. A
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 glorious one for our Autarch."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I tried to recall some of the phrases Jolenta had been so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fond of. "Whose heart is the shrine of his subjects."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Well said! I'm Ibar, of the Seventy-eighth Xenagie, pa-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 trolling the road until evening, worse luck\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Surely it's lawful to use the road here."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Entirely. Provided, of course, that you are prepared to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 identify yourself."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Yes," I said. "Of course." I had almost forgotten the safe-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 conduct Mannea had written for me. Now I took it out and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 handed it t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 o him.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 When I had been stopped on my way to the Last House, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had by no means, been sure that the soldiers who had questioned 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me could read. Each had stared wisely at the parchment, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but it might well have been that they took in no more
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 than the sigil o\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 f the order and Mannea's regular and vigorous, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 though slightly eccentric, penmanship. Tine uhlan unquestionably 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 could. I could see his eyes travelling the lines of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 script, and even guess, I think, when they paused momentarily 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at "honourable interment."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He refolded the parchment carefully but retained it. "So
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you are a servant of the Pelerines."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I have that honour, yes."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You were praying, then. I thought you were talking to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 yourself when I saw you. I don't hold with any religious nonsense. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 We have t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he standard of the xenagie near at hand and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the Autarch at a distance, and that's all I need of reverence
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and mystery; but I have heard that they were good women."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I nodded. "I believe\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 perhaps somewhat more than you.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 But they are indeed."                \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 And you were sent on a task for them. How many days
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 ago?\'94
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Three."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Are you returning to the lazaret at Media Pars now?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I nodded again. "I hope to reach it before nightfall."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He shook-his head. "You won't. Take it easy, that's my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 advice to you." He\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  held out the parchment.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I took it and returned it to my sabretache. "I was travelling
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with a companion, but we were separated. I wonder if you\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 ve
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seen him," I described Master Ash.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The uhlan shook his head. "I'll keep an eye out for him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and tell him wh\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ich way you went if I see him. Now\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 will you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 answer a question for me? It's not official, so you can tell me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it's none of my affair if you want."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I will if I can."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "What will you do when you leave the Pelerines?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I was somewhat taken aback. "Why, I had\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 n't planned to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 leave at all. Someday, perhaps."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Well, keep the light cavalry in mind. You look like a man
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of your hands, and we can always use one. You'll live half as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 long as you would in the infantry, and have twice as much
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fun."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He urged his mount \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 forward, and I was left to ponder what
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he had said. I did not doubt that he had been serious in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 telling me to sleep on the road; but that very seriousness
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 made me hurry forward all the faster. I have been blessed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with long legs, so that when I need to I ca\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 n walk as fast as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 most men can trot. I used them then, dropping all thoughts
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of Master Ash and my own troubled past. Perhaps some thin
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 presence of Master Ash still accompanied me; perhaps does
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 so yet. But if it did, I was and remain unaware of it.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Urth ha\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d not yet turned her face from the sun when I
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 came to that narrow road the dead soldier and I had taken
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 only a little over a week before. There was blood in its dust
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 still, much more than I had seen there previously. I had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 feared from what the uhlan had sa\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 id that the Pelerines had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been accused of some misdeed; now I felt sure that it was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 only that a great influx of wounded had been brought to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lazaret, and he had decided I deserved a night's rest before
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 being set to work on them. That thought was a vast \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 relief to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me. A superabundance of the injured would give me an opportunity 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to show my skills and render it that much more
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 likely that Mannea would accept me when I offered to sell
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 myself to the order, if only I could contrive some tale to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 account for my f\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ailure at the Last House.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 When I turned the final bend in the road, however, what I
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 saw was entirely different.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Where the lazaret had stood, the ground seemed to have
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been plowed by a host of madmen, plowed and dug\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 its bottom 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 already a small lake of shal\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 low water. Shattered trees
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rimmed the circle.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Until darkness came, I walked back and forth across it. I
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was looking for some sign of my friends, and also for some
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 trace of the altar that had held the Claw. I found a human
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hand, a man's hand, blown off at t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he wrist. It might have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been Melito's, or Hallvard's, or the Ascian's, or Winnoc's. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 could not tell.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I slept beside the road that night. When morning came I
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 began my inquiries, and before evening I had located the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 survivors, some half dozen leagues from \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the original site. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 went from cot to cot, but many were unconscious and so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bandaged about the head that I could not have known them.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 It is possible that Ava, Mannea, and the Pelerine who had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 carried a stool to my bedside were among them, though I did
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 discover them there.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The only woman I recognized was Foila, and that only
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 because she recognized me, calling "Severian!" as I walked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 among the wounded and dying. I went to her and tried to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 question her, but she was very weak and could tell me little.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 attack had come without warning and shattered the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 like a thunderbolt; her memories were all of the aftermath
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of hearing the screams that for a long time had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 brought no rescuers, and at last being dragged forth by soldiers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 who knew little of medicine. I kis\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sed her as well as I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 could, and promised to come and see her again\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 a promise, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 think, that both of us knew I would not be able to keep. She
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 said, "Do you recall the time when all of us told stories? I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thought of that."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I said I knew she had.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I mean while\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  they were carrying us here. Melito and Hallvard 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and the rest are dead, I think. You will be the only one
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 who remembers, Severian."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I told her I would remember always.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I want you to tell other people. On winter days, or a night
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 when there is nothing else\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  to do. Do you remember the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stories?"
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "'My land is the land of far horizons, of the wide sky.' "
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Yes,' she said, and seemed to sleep.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 My second promise I have kept, first copying all the stories
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 onto the blank pages at the close of the brown book, then
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 g\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 iving them here, just as I heard them in the long, warm
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 noons.
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 XIX
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Guasacht}{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 THE NEXT TWO DAYS I spent in wandering. I will not say much
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of them here, for there is little to say. I might, I suppose,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have enlisted in several units, but I was far from\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  sure I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wanted to enlist. I would have liked to return to the Last
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 House, but I was too proud to cast myself on Master Ash's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 charity, assuming that Master Ash was again to be found
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 there. I told myself I would gladly have returned to the post
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of Uctor of T\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hrax, yet if that had been possible, I am not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 certain I would have done so. I slept like an animal in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wooded \{daces and took what food I could, which was little.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 On the third day I discovered a rusty falchion, dropped, as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it appeared, in some campaign of\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  the year before. I got out
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my little flask of oil and my broken whetstone (both of which
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had retained, together with her hilt, when I had cast the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wreck of Terminus Est into the water) and spent a happy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 watch in cleaning and sharpening it. When that was\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  done, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 trudged on, and soon struck a road.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 With the protection of Mannea's safe-conduct effectively
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 removed, I was more chary of showing myself than I had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been on my way from Master Ash's. But it seemed probable
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that the dead soldier the Claw had raise\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d, who now called
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Miles though I knew some part of him to be Jonas,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had by now joined some unit. If so, he would, be on a road or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in camp near one, if he was not actually in battle; and I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wished to speak to him. Like Dorcas, he had paused a time in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 count\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ry of the dead. She had dwelt there longer, but I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hoped that if I could question him before too much time
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had erased his memories of it, I might learn something that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 if not permit me to regain her\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 at least help reconcile
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me to her loss.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 For I found\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  I loved her now as I never had when we
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tramped cross-country to Thrax. Then my thoughts had been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 too much of Thecla; I had always been reaching inside myself
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to find her. Now it seemed, if only because she had been a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 part of me so long, that I had grasped\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  her indeed, in an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 embrace more final than any coupling\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 or rather, that as the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 male's seed penetrates the female body to produce (if it be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the will of Apeiron) a new human being, so she, entering my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mouth, by my will had combined with the Severian that was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to establish a new man: I who still call myself Severian but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 am conscious, as it were, of my double root.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Whether I could have learned what I sought from Miles-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Jonas, I do not know. I have never found him, though I have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 persevered in the search from th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at day to this. By midafternoon 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had entered a realm of broken trees, and from time to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 time I passed corpses in more or less advanced stages of de-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cay. At first I tried to pillage them as I had the body of Miles-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Jonas, but others had been there before \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me, and indeed the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fennecs had come in the night with their sharp little teeth to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 loot the flesh.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Somewhat later, as my energies were beginning to flag, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 paused at the smouldering remains of an empty supply wagon.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The draft animals, which had not, it app\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eared, been dead
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 long, lay in the road, with their driver pitched on his face
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 between them; and it occurred to me that I might do worse
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 than to cut as much meat as I wanted from their flanks and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 carry it to some isolated spot where I could kindle a fire. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had fleshed the point of the falchion in the haunch of one of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 these animals when I heard the drumming of hoofs, and sup-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 posing them to belong to the destrier of an estafette, moved
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to the edge of the road to let him pass.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 It was instead a short, thick-\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bodied, energetic-looking man
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 on a tall, ill-used mount. He reined up at the sight of me, but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 something in his expression told me there was no need for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fight or flight. (If there had been, it would have been fight.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 His destrier would have done him little g\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ood among the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stumps and fallen logs, and despite his haubergeon and brass-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ringed buff cap, I thought I could best him.)
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Who are you?" he called. And when I told him, "Severian
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of Nessus, eh? You're civilized then, or half-civilized, but you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 don't look\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  like you've been eating too well."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "On the contrary," I said. "Better than I've been accustomed 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to, recently." I did not want him to think me weak.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "But you could use some more\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 that's not Ascian blood on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 your sword. You're a schiavoni? An irregular?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "My life has been pretty irregular of late, certainly."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "But you're attached to no formation?" With startling
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dexterity he vaulted from his saddle, threw the reins to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ground, and came striding over. He was slightly bowlegged
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and had one of those faces\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  that appear to have been moulded
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in clay and flattened from the top and bottom before firing,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 so that the forehead and chin are shallow but broad, the eyes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 slits, the mouth wide. Still I liked him at once for his verve,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and because he took so little troub\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 le to hide his dishonesty.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I said, "I'm attached to nothing and no one\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 memories
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 excepted." .
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Ahh!" He sighed, and for an instant rolled his eyes upward. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I know\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 I know. We have all had our difficulties,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 every one of us. What was it, a woman or the law\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had not previously viewed my troubles in that light, but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 after thinking for a moment I admitted it had been a bit of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 both.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Well, you've come to the right place and you've met the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 man. How'd you likw a good meal tonight, a whole
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 crowd of new friends\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 , and a handful of orichalks tomorrow?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sound good? Good!"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He returned to his mount, and his hand darted out as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 quickly as a fencer's blade to grasp her bridle before she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 could shy away. When he had the reins again, he leaped into
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 his saddle as readily as\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  he had left it. "Now you get up
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 behind me," he called. "It's not far, and she'll carry two easily
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ^enough."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I did as he told me, though with considerably more difficulty 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 since I had no stirrup to assist me. The instant I was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seated, the destrier struck\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  like a bushmaster at my leg; but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 her master, who had clearly been anticipating the maneuver,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dubbed her so hard with the brass pommel of his poniard
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that she stumbled and nearly fell.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Pay no mind," he said. The shortness of his neck did not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 permit him \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to look over his shoulder, so he spoke out of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 left side of his mouth to make it clear he was addressing me.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "She's a fine animal and a plucky fighter, and she just wants
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to make sure you understand her value. A sort of initiation,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you know. You know wh\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at an initiation is?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I told him I thought myself familiar with the term.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Anything that's worth belonging to has one, you'll find\hich\f2 \emdash 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I've found that out myself. I've never seen one that a plucky
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lad couldn't handle and laugh about afterwards."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 With that \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cryptic encouragement he set his enormous
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 spurs to the sides of his fine animal as if he meant to eviscerate 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 her on the spot, and we went flying down the road,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 -trailed by a cloud of dust.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Since the time I had ridden Vodalus's charger out of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Saltus, I h\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ad supposed in my innocence that all mounts
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 might be divided into two sorts: the highbred and swift, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the cold-blooded and slow. The better, I thought, ran with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the graceful ease, almost, of a coursing cat; the worse moved
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 so tardily that it hardly matt\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ered how they did it. It used to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 be a maxim of one of Thecla's tutors that all two-valued
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 systems are false, and I discovered on that ride a new respect
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 for him. My benefactor's mount belonged to that third class
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 (which I have since discovered is fairly ex\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tensive) comprising
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 those animals that you outrace the birds but seem to run with 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 legs of iron upon a road of stone. Men have numberless advantages 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 over women and for that reason are rightly charged
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to protect them, yet there is one great one women may b\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 oast;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 over men: No woman has ever had her organs of generation
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 crushed between her own pelvis and the bony spine of one of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 these galloping brutes. That happened to me twenty or thirty
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 times before we reined up, and when I slid over the crupper
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at last and \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 leaped aside to dodge a kick, I was in no very good
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mood.                                 
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 We had halted in one of those little, lost fields one some-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 times finds among the hills, an area more or less level and a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hundred strides or so across. A tent the \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 size of a cottage had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been erected in the centre, with a faded flag of black and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 green flapping before it. Several score hobbled mounts grazed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at will over the field, and an equal number of ragged men,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with a sprinkling of unkempt women, lounged about clea\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ning 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 armour, sleeping, and gambling.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Look here!" my benefactor shouted, dismounting to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stand beside me. "Here's a new recruit!" To me he announced, 
\par \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 Severian of Nessus, you're standing in the presence 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the Eighteenth Bacele of the Irregular Contari\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 i,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 every one of us a fighter of dauntless courage whenever
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 there's speck of money to be made."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The ragged men and women were standing and drifting
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 toward us, many of them frankly grinning. A tall and very
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thin man led the way.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Comrades, I give you Seve\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rian of Nessus!
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Severian," my benefactor continued, "I'm your condottiere. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Call me Guasacht This fishing pole here, taller even
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 than you are, is my second, Erblon. The rest will introduce
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 themselves, I'm sure.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Erblon, I want to talk to you. There'll b\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e patrols tomorrow.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 " He took the tall man by the arm and led him into
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tent leaving me with the crowd of troopers who had by now
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 surrounded me.                   
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 One of the largest, an ursine man almost my height an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 least -twice my weight, gestured towar\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d the falchion. "Don\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you have a scabbard for that? Let's see it."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I surrendered it without argument; whatever might happen 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 next, I felt certain it would not be an occasion for kill
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "So, you're a rider, are you?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "No," I said. "I've ridden a bit, but\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  I don't consider myself
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 an expert."      ^
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "But you know how to manage them?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I know men and women better."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Everyone laughed at that, and the big man said, " Well,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that's just fine, because you probably won't do much riding,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but a good understanding o\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 f women\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 and destriers\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 will be a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 help to you."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 As he spoke, I heard the sound of hoofs. Two men were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 leading up a piebald, muscular and wild-eyed. His reins had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been divided and lengthened, permitting the men to stand at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 either side of his head, about thr\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ee paces away. A trollop
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with fox-colored hair and a laughing face sat the saddle with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ease, and in lieu of the reins held a riding Whip in each hand.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The troopers and their women cheered and clapped, and at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the sound the piebald reared like a whirlwind an\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d pawed the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 air, showing the three horny growths on each forefoot that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we call hoofs for what they were\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 talons adapted almost as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 well to combat as to gripping turf. Their feints outsped my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eyes.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The big man slapped me on the back. "He's not the best I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ev\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 er had, but he's good enough, and I trained him myself.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Mesrop and Lactan there are going to pass you those reins,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and all you have to do is get up on him. If you can do it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 without knocking Daria off, you can have her until we run
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you down." He raised his\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  voice: "}{\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 All right, let him go!"}{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had expected the two men to give me the reins. Instead
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 they threw them at my face, and in snatching for them I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 missed them both. Someone goaded the piebald from behind, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and the big man gave a peculiar, piercing whistle.\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 piebald had been taught to fight, like the destriers in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Bear Tower, and though his long teeth had not been augmented 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with metal, they had been left as nature made them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and stood out from his mouth like knives.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I dodged a flashing forefoot and t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ried to grasp his halter; a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 blow from one of the whips caught me full across the face,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and the piebald's rush knocked me sprawling.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The troopers must have held him back or I would have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been trampled. Perhaps they also helped me to my feet\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cannot be sure\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 . My throat was full of dust, and blood from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my forehead trickled into my eyes.       
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I went for him again, circling to the right to keep clear of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 his hoofs, but he turned more quickly than I, and the girl
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 called Daria snapped both lashes before my face\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  to throw me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 off. More from anger than any plan I seized one. The thong
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the whipstock was around her wrist; when I jerked the lash
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 she came with it, falling into my arms. She bit my ear, but I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 got her by the back of the neck, spun her around, dug finger\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 into one firm buttock and lifted her. Kicking the air, her legs
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seemed to startle the piebald. I backed him through the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 crowd until one of his tormentors goaded, him toward me,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 then stepped on his reins.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 After that, it was easy. I dropped the girl, cau\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ght his halter,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 twisted his head, and kicked his forefeet from under him as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we were taught to do with unruly clients. With a high-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pitched, animal scream he came crashing down. I was in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 saddle before he could get his legs beneath him, and from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 there I \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lashed his flanks with the long reins and sent him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bolting through the crowd, then turned him and charged
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 them again.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 All my life I had heard of the excitement of this kind of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fighting, though I had never experienced it. Now I found
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 everything more than \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 true. The troopers and their women
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 were yelling and running, and a few flourished, swords. They
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 might have threatened a thunderstorm with more effect\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rode over half a dozen at a sweep. The girl's red hair flew like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 banner as she fled, but no human legs c\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ould have outdistanced 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that steed. We flashed past her, and I caught her by
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that flaming banner and threw her over the arcione before
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me.
\par 
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 A twisting trail led to a dark ravine, and that ravine to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 another. Deer scattered ahead of us; in three bounds we \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 overtook 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a buck in velvet and shouldered him out of the way.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 While I had been Lictor of Thrax, I had-heard that the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eclectics often raced game and leaped from their mounts to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stab it. I believed those stories now\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 I could have cut the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 buck's throat with a \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 butcher knife.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 We left him behind, crested a new hill and dashed down
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 into a silent, wooded valley. When the piebald had run him-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 self out, I let him find his own path among the trees, which
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 were the largest I had seen since leaving Saltus; and when he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 topped to crop the sparse, tender grass that grew between
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 their roots, I halted and threw the reins on the ground as I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had seen Guasacht do, then dismounted and helped the red-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 haired girl off.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Thanks," she said. And then, "You did it. I didn't think
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 yo\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 u could."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Or you wouldn't have agreed to this? I had supposed they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 made you."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I wouldn't have given you that cut with the whip. You'll
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 want to repay me now, won't you? With the reins, I sup-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pose."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "What makes you think that?" I was tired and sat down\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 .
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Yellow flowers, each blossom no bigger than a drop of water,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 grew in the grass; I picked a few and found they smelled of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 calambac.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You look the type. Besides, you carried me bottom up,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and men who do that always want to hit it."
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I never knew that. It\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 's an interesting thought.\'94
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I have a lot of them\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 that kind." Quickly and gracefully
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 she seated herself beside me and put a hand on my knee.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Listen, it was the initiation, that's all. We take turns, and it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was my turn and I was supposed to hit you. Now \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it's over." 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I understand."                                      
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Then you won't hurt me? That's wonderful. We can have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a good time here, really. Whatever you want and as much as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you want, and we won't go back until it's time to eat"     
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I didn't sa\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 y I wouldn't hurt you."                      
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Her face, which had been wreathed with forced smiles, fell,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and she looked at the ground. I suggested that she might run 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 away.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "That would only make it more fun for you, and you'd
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hurt me more before we wer\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e through." Her hand crept up
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my thigh as she spoke. "You're nice looking, you know. And
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 so tall." She made a sitting bow, pressing her face into my lap
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to give me a tingling kiss, then straightening up at once. "It
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 could be nice. Really it could."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Or y\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ou could kill yourself. Have you a knife?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 For an instant, her mouth formed a perfect little circle.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You're crazy, aren't you? I should have known." She leaped
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to her feet.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I caught her by one ankle and sent her sprawling to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 soft forest floor. Her \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shift was rotten with wear\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 a pull and it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fell away-"You said you wouldn't run."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 She looked over her shoulder at me with large eyes.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I said, "You have no power over me, neither you nor they.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I am not afraid of pain, or of death. There is only one living
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wo\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 man I desire, and no man but myself."
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 XX
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Patrol}{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 WE HELD A PERIMETER no more than a couple of hundred
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 paces across. For the most part, our enemies had only knives
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and axes\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 the axes and their tagged clothes recalled the volunteers 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had helped Vodalu\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s against in our necropolis\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 there were hundreds of them already, and more coming.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The bacele had saddled up and left camp before dawn.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The shadows were still long, somewhere along the shifting
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 front, when a scout showed Guasacht the deep ruts of a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 coa\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ch travelling north. For three watches we tracked it.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Ascian raiders who had captured it fought well, turning 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 south to surprise us, then west, then north again like a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 writhing serpent; but always leaving a trail of dead, caught
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 between our fire and t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hat of the guards inside, who shot
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 them through the loopholes. It was only toward the end,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 when the Ascians could no longer flee, that we grew aware of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 other hunters.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 By noon, the little valley was surrounded. The gleaming
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 steel coach with its dead and dy\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ing prisoners stood mired-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to the axles. Our Ascian prisoners squatted in front of it,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 guarded by our wounded. The Ascian officer spoke our
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tongue, and a watch earlier Guasacht had ordered him to free
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the coach and shot several Ascians when he had failed; \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thirty
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 or more remained, nearly naked, listless and empty-eyed.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Their weapons were piled some distance off, near our tethered 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mounts.                                            
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Now Guasacht was making the rounds, and I saw him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pause at the stump that s\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 heltered the trooper next to me. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 One of the enemy put her head from behind a clump of 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 brush some way up the slope. My contus struck her with a 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bolt of flame; she leaped by reflex, then curled up as spiders
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 do when someone tosses them among the coals of \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a campfire.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 She had been white-faced beneath her red bandana, and I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 suddenly understood that she had been made to look\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 there were those behind that brush who had disliked her, or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at least not valued her, and who had forced her to look out. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fired aga\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in, slashing the green growth with the bolt and bringing 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a puff of acrid smoke that drifted toward me like her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ghost
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Don't waste those charges," Guasacht said at my elbow.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 More from habit, I think, than from fear, he had thrown
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 himself flat beside me.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I asked if the charges would be exhausted before night if I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fired six times a watch.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He shrugged, then shook his head.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "That\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s how fast I've been shooting this thing, as well as I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 can fudge by the sun. And when night comes . . ."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I looked at him, and he\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  could only shrug again.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "When night comes," I continued, "we won't be able to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 see them until they're only a few steps away. We'll fire more
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 or less at random and kill a few score, then draw swords and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stand back to back, and they'll kill us."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He said, "\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Help will arrive before then," and when he saw I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 did not believe him, he spat. "I wish I'd never looked at the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 damned thing's track. I wish I'd never heard of it."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 It was my turn to shrug. "Give it back to the Ascians, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 well break out."
\par 
\par \tab \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 It\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s coin, I\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  tell you! Gold to pay our troops. It's too heavy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to be anything else."
\par \tab \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 The armour must weigh a good deal."
\par \tab \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 Not that much. I've seen these coaches before, and it's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gold from Nessus or the House Absolute. But those things
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 inside\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 who's ever seen such cre\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 atures?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I have."        
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Guasacht stared at me.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "When I went out through the Piteous Gate in the Wall
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of Nessus. They are man-beasts, contrived by the same lost
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 arts that made our destriers faster than the road engines of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 old," I tried to recall what\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  else Jonas had told me of them,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and finished rather weakly by saying, "The Autarch employs
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 them in duties too laborious for men, or for which men cannot 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 be trusted."
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I suppose that might be right enough. They can't very
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 well steal the money. Where woul\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d they go? Listen, I've had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my eye on you."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I know," I said. "I've felt it"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I've had my eye on you, I say. Particularly since you made
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that piebald of yours go for the man that trained him. Up
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 here in Orithyia we see a lot of strong men and a lot of br\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ave
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ones\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 mostly when we step over their bodies. We see a lot of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 smart ones too, and nineteen out of twenty are too smart to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 be of use to anybody, including themselves. What's valuable
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 are men, and sometimes women, who've got a kind of power,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the power that\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  makes other people want to do what they say.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I don't mean to brag, but I've got it. You've got it too."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "It hasn't been overwhelmingly apparent in my life before
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 this."                                             
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Sometimes it takes the war to bring it\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  out. That's one of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the benefits of the war, and since it hasn't got many we ought
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to appreciate the ones it does. Severian, I want you to go
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 down to the coach and treat with these man-animals. You say
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you know something about them. Get them to come out an\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 help us fight We're both on the same side, after all."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I nodded. "And if I can get them to open the doors, we
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 can divide the money among us. Some of us, at least, may 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 escape."                                             
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Guasacht shook his head in dis\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gust. "What did I tell you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 just a moment ago about being too smart? If you were really 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 smart, you wouldn't have ignored it. No, you tell them that 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 even if there's only three or four of them, every fighter 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 counts. Besides, there's at least a chance the s\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ight of them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 will frighten these damn freebooters away.. Let me have your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 contus, and I\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 ll hold your position for you until you come
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 back."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I handed over the long weapon, "Who are these people,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 anyway?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "These? Camp followers. Sutlers and whores\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 men as w\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ell
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as women. Deserters. Every so often the Autarch or one of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 his generals has them rounded up and put to work, but they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 slip away before long. Slipping away's their specialty. They
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ought to be wiped out."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I have your authority to treat with our prisone\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rs in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 coach? You'll back me up?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "They're not prisoners\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 well, yes, I suppose they are. You
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tell them what I said and make the best deal you can. I'll
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 back you."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I looked at him for a moment, trying to decide whether he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 meant it. Like so many middle\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 -aged men, he carried the old
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 man he would become in his face, soured and obscene, al-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ready muttering the objections and complaints that would be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 his in the final skirmish.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You've got my word. Go on."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "All right." I rose. The armoured coach resembled t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he carriages 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that had been used to bring important clients to our
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tower in the Citadel. Its windows were narrow and barred, its
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rear wheels as high as a man. The smooth steel sides suggested 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 those lost arts I had mentioned to Guasacht, and I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 knew the man\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 -beasts inside had better weapons than ours. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 extended my hands to show I was unarmed and walked as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 steadily as I could toward them until a face showed at one
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 window grill.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 When one hears of such creatures, one imagines something
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stable, midway between \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 beast and human; but when one actually 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sees them\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 as I now saw this man-beast, and as I had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seen the man-apes in the mine near Saltus\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 they are not like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that at a11. The best comparison I can make is to the flickering 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of a silver birch tossed by the wind. \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 At one moment it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seems a common tree, at the next, when the undersides of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the leaves appear, a supernatural creation. So it is with the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 man-beasts. At first I thought a mastiff peered at me through
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the bars; then it seemed rather a man, nobly ugly, tawny-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 faced and amber-eyed. I raised my hands to the grill to give
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 him my scent, thinking of Triskele.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "What do you want?" His voice was harsh but not un-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pleasant.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I want to save your lives," I said. It was the wrong thing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to say, and I knew it as soon as th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e words had left my mouth.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "We want to save our honour."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I nodded. "Honour is the higher life."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "If you can tell us how to save our honour, speak. We will
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 listen. But we will never surrender our trust."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You have already surrendered it," I said.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wind died, and the mastiff was back in an instant,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 flashing teeth arid blazing eyes.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "It was not' to safeguard gold from the Ascians that you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 were put into this coach, but to safeguard it from those of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 our own Commonwealth who would steal it if they could\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 .
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Ascians are beaten\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 look at them. We are the Autarch's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 loyal humans. Those you were set to guard against will overwhelm 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 us soon."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "They must kill me and my fellows before they can get the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 gold.\'94
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 It was gold, then. I said, "They will do so. Come ou\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 help us fight, while there is still a chance of victory."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He hesitated, and I was no longer sure that I had been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 entirely wrong to speak first of saving his life. "No,\'94\loch\f2  he said
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "We cannot. What you say may be reason, I do not know.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Our law is not th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e law of reason. Our law is honour and obedience. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 We stay."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "But you know that we are not your enemies?"
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Anyone seeking what we guard is our enemy."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "We re guarding it too. If these camp followers and deserters 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 came within range of your weapons, would\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  you fire on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 them?"
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Yes, of course."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I walked over to the spiritless cluster of Ascians and asked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to speak with their commander. The man who stood was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 only slightly taller than the rest; the intelligence in his face
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was the kind one sometimes sees in cu\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nning madmen. I told
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 him Guasacht had sent me to treat in his stead because I had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 often spoken with Ascian prisoners and knew their ways. This
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was, as I intended, overheard by his three wounded guards,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 who could see Guasacht manning my position on the peri\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 meter.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Greetings in the name of the Group of Seventeen," the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ascian said.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 In the name of the Group of Seventeen."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Ascian looked startled but nodded.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "We are surrounded by the disloyal subjects of our Autarch, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 who are thus the enemies of both the \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Autarch and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Group of Seventeen. Our own commander, Guasacht, has
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 devised a plan that will leave us all alive and free."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "The servants of the Group of Seventeen must not be
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 expended without purpose."
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Precisely. Here is the plan. We will harness some o\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 f our
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 destriers to the steel coach\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 as many as necessary to pull it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 free. You and your people must work to free it too. When
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it's free, well return your weapons and help you fight your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 way out of this cordon. Your soldiers and ours will go north,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and you ca\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 n keep the coach and the money inside to take to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 your superiors, just as you hoped when you captured it."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "The light of Correct Thought penetrates every darkness."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "No, we haven't gone over to the Group of Seventeen.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 You have to help us in return. In the f\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 irst place, help get the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 coach out of the mud. In the second, help us fight our way
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 out. In the third, provide us with an escort that will get us
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 through your army and back to our own lines."
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Ascian officer glanced toward the gleaming coach.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "No failu\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 re is permanent failure. But inevitable success may
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 require new plans and greater strength."
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Then you approve of my new plan?" I had not been
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 aware that I was perspiring, but now the sweat ran stinging
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 into my eyes. I wiped my forehead with the edge of m\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 y cloak,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 just as Master Gurloes used to.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Ascian officer nodded. "Study of Correct Thought
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eventually reveals the path of success."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Yes," I said. "All right, I've studied it. Behind our efforts,
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 let there be found our efforts."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 When I returned to the \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 coach, the same man-beast I had
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seen before came to the window again, not quite so hostile
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 this time. I said, "The Ascians have agreed to try to push this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thing out once more. We're going to have to unload it."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "That is impossible."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "If we don't, the gold \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 will be lost with the sun. I'm not
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 asking you to give it up\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 just take it out and mount guard
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 over it. You'll have your weapons, and if any human bearing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 arms comes close to you, you can kill him. I'll be with you,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 unarmed. You can kill me too."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 It took a g\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 reat deal more talking, but eventually they did
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it. I got the wounded who had been watching the Ascians to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lay down their conti and harness eight of our destriers to the.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 coach, and got the Ascians positioned to pull on the harness
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and heave at the wheels.\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  Then the door in the side of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 steel coach swung open and the man-beasts carried out small
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 metal chests, two working while the one I had spoken to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stood guard. They were taller than I had expected and had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fusils, with pistols in their belts to supplemen\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t them\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 first pistols I had seen since I had watched the Hierodules use
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 them to turn Baldsnders's charges in the gardens of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 House Absolute.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 When all the chests were out and the three man-beasts
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 were standing around them with their weapons at the r\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eady,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I shouted. The wounded troopers lashed every destrier in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 new team, the Ascians heaved until their eyes started from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 their straining faces . . . and just when we all thought it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would not, the steel coach lifted itself from the mud and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lumbered hal\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 f a chain before the wounded could bring it to a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 halt. Guasacht nearly got us both killed by running down
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from the perimeter waving my contus, but the man-beasts
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had just sense enough to see that he was merely excited and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not dangerous.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He got a great de\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 al more excited when he saw the man-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 beasts carry their gold inside again, and when he heard what I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had promised the Ascians. I reminded him that he had given
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me leave to act in his name.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "When I act," he sputtered, "it's with the idea of win-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ning."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I co\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nfessed I lacked his military experience, but told him I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had found that in some situations winning consisted of disentangling 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 oneself.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Just the same, I had hoped you would work out some-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thing better."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Rising inexorably while we remained unaware of th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eir motion, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the mountain peaks to the west were already clawing for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the lower edge of the sun; I pointed to it.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Suddenly, Guasacht smiled. "After all, these are the same
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ascians we took it from before."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He called the Ascian officer over and told him ou\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 r
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mounted troopers would lead the attack, and that his soldiers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 could follow the steel coach on foot. The Ascian agreed, but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 when his soldiers had rearmed themselves, he insisted on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 placing half a dozen on top of the coach and leading the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 attack himself wi\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 th the rest. Guasacht agreed with an apparent 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bad grace that seemed to me entirely assumed. We put
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 an armed trooper astride each of the eight-destriers of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 new team, and I saw Guasacht conversing earnestly with their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cornet.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had promised the Ascian\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  we would break through the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cordon of deserters to the north, but the ground in that direction 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 proved to be unsuited to the steel coach, and in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 end a route north by northwest was agreed upon. The Ascian
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 infantry advanced at a pace not much short of a \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 full run,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 firing as they came. The coach followed. The narrow, enduring 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bolts of the troopers' conti stabbed at the ragged mob
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 who tried to close about it, and the Ascian arquebuses on its
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 roof sent gouts of violet energy crashing among them. The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 man-beas\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ts fired their fusils from the barred windows, slaughtering 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 half a dozen with a single blast.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The remainder of our troops (I among them) followed the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 coach, having maintained our perimeter until it was gone. To
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 save precious charges, many put their cont\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 i through the saddle 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rings, drew their swords, and rode down the straggling
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 remnant the Ascians and the coach had left behind.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Then the enemy was past, and the ground clearer. At once
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the troopers whose mounts pulled the coach dapped spurs to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 them, and \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Guasacht, Erblon, and several others who were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 riding just behind it swept the Ascians from its top in a cloud
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of crimson flame and reeking smoke. Those on foot scattered,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 then turned to fire.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 It was a fight I did not feel I could take part in. I reined
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 u\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 p, and so saw\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 I believe, before any of the others\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 the first
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the anpiels who dropped, like the angel in Melito's fable,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from the sun-dyed clouds. They were fair to look upon,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 naked and having the slender bodies of young women; but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 their rainbow wings spr\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ead wider than any teratornis's, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 each anpiel held a pistol in either hand.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Late that night, when we were back in camp and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wounded had been cared for, I asked Guasacht if he would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 do as he had again.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He thought for a moment. "I hadn't any way of k\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nowing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 those flying girls would come. Looking at it from this end, it's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 natural enough\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 there must have been enough in that coach
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to pay half the army, and they wouldn't hesitate to send elite
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 troops looking for it. But before it happened, would you have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gu\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 essed it?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I shook my head.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Listen, Severian, I shouldn't be talking to you like this.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 But you did what you could, and you're the best leech I ever
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 saw. Anyway, it came out all right in the end, didn't it? You
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 saw how friendly their seraph was. What did\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  she see, after
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 all? Plucky lads trying to save the coach from the Ascians.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 We'll get a commendation, I should think. Maybe a reward."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I said, "You could have killed the man-beasts, and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ascians too, when the gold was out of the coach. You didn't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 becau\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 se I would have died with them. I think you deserve a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 commendation. From me, at least."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He rubbed his drawn face with both hands. "Well, I'm just
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as happy. It would have been the end of the Eighteenth; in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 another watch we'd have been killing each other f\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 or the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 money."
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 XXI
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Deployment}{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 BEFORE THE BATTLE there were other patrols and days of idle-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ness. Often enough we saw no Ascians, or saw only their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dead. We were supposed to arrest deserters and drive from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 our area such peddlers and vagabonds as fatt\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 en on an army;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but if they seemed to us such people as had surrounded the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 steel coach, we killed them, not executing them in any for-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mal style but cutting them down from the saddle.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The moon waxed again nearly to the full, hanging like a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 green apple in \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the sky. Experienced troopers told me the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 worst fights always came at or near the full of the moon,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 which is said to breed madness. I suppose this is actually
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 because its refulgence permits generals to bring up reinforcements 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 by night.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 On the day of the \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 battle, the graisle's bray summoned us
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from our blankets at dawn. We formed a ragged double column 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in the mist, with Guasacht at our head and Erblon
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 following him with our flag. I had supposed that the women
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would stay behind\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 as most had when we had gone \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 on patrol\hich\f2 \emdash 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but more than half drew conti and came with us. Those
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 who had helmets, I noticed, thrust their hair up into the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bowl, and many wore corslets that flattened and concealed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 their breasts. I mentioned it to Mesrop, who rode opposite
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "There migh\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t be trouble about the pay,' he said. "Somebody 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with sharp eyes will be counting us, and the contracts
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 usually call for men."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Guasacht said there'd be more money today,' I reminded
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 him.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He cleared his throat and spat, the white phlegm vanishing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 into th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e clammy air as though Urth herself had swallowed it.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "They won't pay until it's over. They never do."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Guasacht shouted and waved an arm; Erblon gestured
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with our flag, and we were off, the hoofbeats sounding like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the thudding of a hundred muffled drums.\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  I said, "I suppose
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that way they don't have to pay for those who are killed."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "They pay triple-once because he fought, once for blood
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 money, and once for discharge money."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Or she fought, I suppose."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Mesrop spat again.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 We rode for some time, then halt\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ed at a spot that seemed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 no different from any other. As the column fell silent, I heard
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a humming or murmuring in the hills all around us. A scattered army, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dispersed no doubt for sanitary reasons and to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 deprive the Ascian enemy of a concentrated target,\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  was assembling 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 now just as particles of dust in the stone town had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 come together in the bodies of its resuscitated dancers.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Not unnoticed. Even as birds of prey had once followed us
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 before we reached that town, now five-armed shapes that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 spun like whee\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ls pursued us above the scattered clouds that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dimmed and melted in the level red light of dawn. At first,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 when they were highest, they seemed merely grey; but as we
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 watched they dropped toward us, and I saw they were of a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hue for which I can find no name b\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ut that stands to achroma
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as gold to yellow, or silver to white. The air groaned with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 their turning.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Another that we had not seen came leaping across our
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 path, hardly higher than the treetops. Each spoke was the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 length of a tower, pierced with casements \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and ports. Though
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it lay flat upon the air, it seemed to stride along. Its wind
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 whistled down upon us as if to blow away the trees. My
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 piebald screamed and bolted, and so did many other destriers, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 often falling in that strange wind.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 In the space of a he\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 artbeat it was over. The leaves that had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 swirled about us like snow fell to earth. Guasacht shouted
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and Erblon sounded the graisle and brandished our flag. I got
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the piebald under control and cantered from one destrier to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 another, taking them by the nostri\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ls until their riders could
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 manage them again.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I rescued Daria, who I had not known was in the column,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in this way. She looked very pretty and boyish dressed as a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 trooper, with a contus, and a slender sabre at either side of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 her saddle horn. I could not \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 help thinking when I saw her of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 how other women I had known would appear in the same
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 situation: Thea a theatrical warrior maid, beautiful and dramatic 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but essentially the figure of a figurehead; Thecla\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 how
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 part of myself\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 a vengeful mimalone brandishing po\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 isoned
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 weapons; Agia astride a slender-legged sorrel, wearing a cuirass 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 moulded to her figure, while her hair, plaited with bow-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 strings, flew wild in the wind; Jolenta a floriate queen in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 armour spikey with thorns, her big breasts and fleshy thighs
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 absur\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d at any gait faster than a walk, smiling dreamily at each
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 halt and attempting to recline in the saddle; Dorcas a naiad
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 riding, lifted momentarily like a fountain flashing with sun-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shine; Valeria, perhaps, an aristocratic Daria.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had supposed, when I s\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 aw our people scatter, that it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would be impossible to reassemble the column; but within a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 few moments of the time the pentadactyl air-strider had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 passed over us, we were together again. We galloped for a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 league or more\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 mostly, I suspect, to dissipate some \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nervous energy of our destriers\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 then halted by a brook and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gave them just as much water as would wet their mouths
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 without making them sluggish. When I had fought the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 piebald back from the bank, I rode to a clearing from which I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 could watch the sky. \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Soon Guasacht trotted over and asked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me jocularly, "You looking for another one?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I nodded and told him 1 had never seen such craft before.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You wouldn't have, unless you've been close to the front.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 They'd never come back if they tried to go down south."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Soldiers like us wouldn't stop them."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He grew suddenly serious, his tiny eyes mere slits in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sun-browned flesh. "No. But plucky lads can stop their raiding 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 parties. The guns and air-galleys can't do that."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The piebald stirred and stamped with imp\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 atience. I said,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I come from a part of the city you've probably never heard
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of, the Citadel. There are guns there that look out over the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 whole quarter, but I've never known them to be fired except
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ceremonially." Still staring at the sky, I thought of the \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wheeling 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pentadactyls over Nessus, and a thousand blasts, issuing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not just from the Barbican and the Great Keep, but from all
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the towers; and I wondered with what weapons the pentadactyls 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would reply.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Come along," Guasacht said. "I know it's a temptat\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ion to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 keep a lookout for them, but it doesn't do any good."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I followed him back to the brook, where Erblon was lining
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 up the column. "They didn't even fire at us. They must
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 surely have guns in those fliers."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "We're pretty small fish." I could see that G\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 uasacht
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wanted me to rejoin the column, though he hesitated to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 order me to do so directly.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 For my part, I could feel fear grip me like a spectre, strongest 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 about my legs, but lifting cold tentacles into my bowels,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 touching my heart. I wanted to be silen\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t, but I could
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not stop talking. "When we go onto the field of battle-"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 (I think I imagined this field like the shaven lawn of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Sanguinary Field, where I had fought Agilus.)
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Guasacht laughed. "When we go into the fight, our gunners 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would be delighted \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to see them out after us." Before I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 understood what he was about to do, he struck the piebald
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with the flat of his blade and sent me cantering off.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Fear is like those diseases that disfigure the face with running 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sores. One becomes almost more afraid of\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  their being
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seen than of their source, and comes to feel not only disgraced 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but defiled. When the piebald began to slow, I dug
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my heels into him and fell into line at the very end of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 column.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Only a short time before I had been on the point of repla\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cing 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Erblon; now I was demoted, hot by Guasacht but by
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 myself, to the lowest position. And yet when I had helped
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 reassemble the scattered troopers, the thing I feared had al-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ready passed; so that the entire drama of my elevation had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been played out after\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  it had ended in debasement. It was as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 though one were to see a young man idling in a public garden
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stabbed\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 then watch him, all unknowing, strike up an acquaintance 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with the voluptuous wife of his murderer, and at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 last, having ascertained, as he thought, \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that her husband was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in another part of the city, clasp her to him until she cried
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 out from the pain of the dagger's hilt protruding from his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 chest.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 When the column lurched forward, Daria detached herself
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from it and waited until she could fall in beside\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  me. "You're
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 afraid," she said. It was not a question but a statement, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not a reproach but almost a password, like the ridiculous
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 phrases I had learned at Vodalus's banquet.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Yes. You're about to remind me of the boast I made to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you in the forest. I ca\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 n only say that I did not know it to be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 an empty one when I made it. A certain wise man once tried
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to teach me that even after a client has mastered one excruciation, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 so that he can put it from his mind even while he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 screams and writhes, another quite dif\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ferent excruciation
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 may be as effectual in breaking his will as in breaking a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 child's. I learned to explain all this when he asked me but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 never until now to apply it, as I should, to my own life. But if
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I am the client here, who is the torturer?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "We're a\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ll more or less afraid," she said. "That was why-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 yes, I saw it\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 Guasacht sent you away. It was to keep you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from making his own feeling worse. If it were worse, he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wouldn't be able to lead. When the time comes, you'll do
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 what you have to, and that's all any\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  of them do."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Hadn't we better go?" I asked. The end of the column
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was moving off in that surging way the tail of a long line
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 always does.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "If we go now, a lot of them will know we're at the rear
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 because we're afraid. If we wait just a little while long\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 er,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 many of those who saw you talking with Guasacht will think
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he sent you back here to speed up stragglers, and that I came
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 back to be with you."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "All right," I said.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Her hand, damp with sweat and as thin as Dorcas's, came
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sliding into mine.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Until tha\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t moment, I had been certain she had fought
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 before. Now I asked her, "Is this your first time too?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I can fight better than most of them," she declared, "and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I'm sick of being called a whore."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Together, we trotted after the column.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 XXII
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Battle}{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I S\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 AW THEM first as a scattering of coloured dots on the farther
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 side of the wide valley, skirmishers who seemed to move and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mix, as bubbles do that dance upon the surface of a mug of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cider. We were trotting through a grove of shattered trees
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 whose white and \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 naked wood was like the living bone of a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 compound fracture. Our column was much larger now, per-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 haps the whole of the irregular contarii. It had been under
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fire, in a more or less dilatory way, for about half a watch.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Some troopers had been wounded (one, \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 near me, quite
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 badly) and several killed. The wounded cared for themselves
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and tried to help each other\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 if there were medical attendants 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 for us they were too far behind us for me to be conscious 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of them.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 From time to time we passed corpses among the tre\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 es;
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 usually these were in little clusters of two or three, sometimes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 they were merely solitary individuals. I saw one who had contrived 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in dying to hook the collar of his brigandine jacket to a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 splinter protruding from one of the broken trunks, and I was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 struck by the horror of his situation, his being dead and yet
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 unable to rest, and then by the thought that such was the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 plight of all those thousands of trees, trees that had been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 killed but could not fall.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 At about the same time I became aware of the ene\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 realized that there were troops of our own army to either
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 side. To our right a mixture, as it were, of mounted men and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 infantry, the riders helmetless and naked to the waist, with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 red and blue blanket rolls slung across their bronzed chests.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 They wer\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e better mounted, I thought, than most of us. They
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 carried lancegays not much longer than the height of a man,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 many of them holding them aslant their saddle-bows. Each
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had a small copper shield bound to the upper part of his left
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 arm. I had no idea from wh\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at part of the Commonwealth
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 these men might come; but for some reason, perhaps only
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 because of their long hair and bare chests, I felt sure they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 were savages.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 If they were, the infantry that moved among them was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 something lower still, brown and stooped a\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nd shaggy-haired.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had only glimpses through the broken trees, but I thought
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 they dropped to all fours at times. Occasionally one seemed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to grasp the stirrup of some rider, as I had sometimes taken
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Jonas's when he rode his merychip; whenever that occurred\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the rider struck at his companion's hand with the butt of his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 weapon.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 A road ran through lower ground to our left; and down it,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and to either side of it, there moved a force far more numerous 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 than our column and the savage riders and their companions 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 all combined: battalions of peltasts with blazing spears
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and big, transparent shields; hobilers on prancing mounts,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with bows and arrow cases crossed over their backs; lightly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 armed cherkajis whose formations were seas of plumes and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 flags.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I could know \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nothing of the courage of all these strange
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 soldiers who had suddenly become my comrades, but I unconsciously 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 assumed it to be no greater than my own, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 they seemed a slender defence indeed against the moving
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dots on the farther side. The fire to which \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we were subjected
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 grew more intense, and so far as I could see, our enemies were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 under none at all.                         
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Only a few weeks before (though it felt like at least a year
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 now) I would have been terrified at the thought of being shot
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at wit\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 h such a weapon as Vodalus had used on the foggy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 night in our necropolis with which I have begun this account.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The bolts that struck all around us. made that simple beam
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 appear as childish as the shining slugs thrown from the hetman's 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 archer's pellet bow.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had no idea what sort of device was used to project these
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bolts, or even whether they were in fact pure energy or some
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 type of missile; but as they landed among us, their nature was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that of an explosion lengthened into something like a rod.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 And though\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  they could not be seen until they struck, they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 whistled as they came, and by that whistled note, which endured 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 no longer than the blink of an eye, I soon learned to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tell how near they would hit and how powerful the extended
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 detonation would be. If there \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was no change in the tone, so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that it resembled the note a coryphaeus sounds on his pitch
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pipe, the strike would be some distance off. But if it rose
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 quickly, as though a note first sounded for men had become
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 one for women, its impact would be nearby; and \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 though only
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the loudest of the monotonal bolts were dangerous, each that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rose to a scream claimed at least one of us and often several.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 It seemed madness to trot forward as we did. We should
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have scattered, or dismounted to take refuge among the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 trees; a\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nd if one of us had done it, I think all the rest would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have followed him. With every bolt that felly I was almost
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that one. But again and again, as if my mind were chained in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 some narrow circle, the memory of the fear I had shown
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 earlier held me in my pla\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ce. Let the rest run and I would run
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with them; but I would not run first.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Inevitably, a bolt struck parallel to our column. Six troopers 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 flew apart as though they themselves had contained small
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bombs, the head of the first bursting in a gout of scarlet,\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 neck and shoulders of the second, the chest of the third, the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bellies of the fourth and fifth, and the groin (or perhaps on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the saddle and the back of his destrier) of the sixth, before
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the bolt struck the ground and sent up a geyser of dust and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stone\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s. The men and animals opposite those who were destroyed 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in this way were killed too, wracked by the force of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the explosions and bombarded with the limbs and armour of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the others.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Holding the piebald to a trot, and often to a walk, was the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 worst of it; \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 if I could not run, I wanted to press forward, to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 get the fighting begun, to die if I was in fact to die. This hit
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gave me some opportunity to relieve my feelings. Waving to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Daria to follow, I let the piebald lope past the little group of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 survivors who had\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  been riding between us and the last
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 trooper to die, and moved into the space in the column that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had been the casualties'. Mesrop was there already, and he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 grinned at me. "Good thinking. Chances are there won't be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 another one here for quite a while." I for\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bore to disabuse
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 him.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 For a time it seemed he was correct anyway. Having hit us,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the enemy gunners diverted their fire to the savages on our
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 right. Their shambling infantry shrieked and gibbered as the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bolts fell among them, but the riders reacted, so it\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  appeared,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 by calling on magic to protect them. Often their chants
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sounded so clearly that I could make out the words, though
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 they were in no language I had ever heard. Once one actually
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stood on his saddle like a performer in a riding exhibition,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lifting \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a hand to the sun and extending the other toward the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ascians. Each rider seemed to have a personal spell; and it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was easy to see, as I watched their numbers shrink under the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bombardment, how such primitive minds come to believe in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 their charms, for the sur\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 vivors could not but feel their thaumaturgy 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had saved them, and the rest could not complain of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the failure of theirs.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Though we were advancing, for the most part, at the trot,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we were not the first to engage the enemy. On the lower
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ground, the cherkajis\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  had streaked across the valley, crashing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 against a square of foot soldiers like a wave of fire.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had vaguely supposed that the enemy would be provided
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with weapons far superior to anything w^ had in the contarii
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 perhaps pistols and fusils, such as the \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 man-beasts had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 carried\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 and that a hundred fighters so armed would easily
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 destroy any quantity of cavalry. Nothing of the kind happened. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Several rows of the square gave way, and I was close
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 enough now to hear the riders' war cries, distant yet distinct,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 an\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d see individual foot soldiers in flight. Some were casting
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 aside immense shields, shields even larger than the glassy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ones of the peltasts, though they shone with the lustre of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 metal. Their offensive arms seemed to be splay-headed spears
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 no more than thre\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e cubits long, weapons that could produce
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sheets of cleaving flame, but short in range.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 A second infantry square emerged behind the first, then
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 another and another, farther down the valley.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Just as I was sure we were about to ride to the assistance of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he cherkajis, we received the order to halt. Looking to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 right, 1 saw that the savages had already done so, stopping
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 some distance behind us, and were now driving the hairy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 creatures that had accompanied them toward the side of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 their position farthest f\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rom us.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Guasacht called, "We're blocking! Sit easy, lads!"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I looked at Daria, who returned a look equally bewildered.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Mesrop waved an arm toward the eastern end of the valley.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "We're watching the flank. If nobody comes, we ought to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have a good enough tim\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e of it today."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I said, "Except for the ones who've already died." The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bombardment, which had been diminishing, now seemed to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have stopped altogether. The silence of its absence lay all
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 about us, almost more frightening than its screaming bolts
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had been.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I suppose so." His shrug announced eloquently that we
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had lost a few dozen from a force of hundreds.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The cherkajis had recoiled, retreating behind a screen of
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hobilers who directed a shower of arrows at the leading edge
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the Ascians' checkerboard batt\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 le line. Most seemed to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 glance off the shields, but a few must have buried their heads
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in the metal, which took Ere from them and burned with a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 flame as bright as theirs and billowing white smoke.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 When the arrows slackened, the squares of the checker-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bo\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ard advanced again with a mechanical jerkiness. The cherkajis 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had continued to fall back and were now in the rear of a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 line of peltasts, very little in advance of us. I could see their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dark faces clearly. They were all men and bearded, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 numbered about \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 two thousand; but they had among them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a dozen or so bejeweled young women borne in gilded
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 howdahs on the backs of caparisoned arsinoithers.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 These women were dark-eyed and dark complexioned like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the men, yet in their lush figures and languishing looks the\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 y
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 reminded me of Jolenta. I pointed them out to Daria and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 asked if she knew how they were armed, since I could see no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Weapons.
\par \tab \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 You'd like one, would you? Or two. I'll bet they look
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 good to you even from here."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Mesrop winked and said, "I wouldn't mind a c\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ouple
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 myself."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Daria laughed. "They'd fight like alraunes if either of you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tried to have anything to do with them. They're sacred
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and forbidden, the Daughters of War. Have you ever been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 around those animals they're riding?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I shook my head.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "They charge \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 easy and nothing stops them, but they al-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ways go the same way\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 straight at whatever it is that bothers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 them and past it for a chain or two. Then they stop and go
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 back."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I watched. Arsinoithers have two big horns\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 not spreading
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 horns like the horns of bull\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s, but horns that diverge about as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 much as a man's first and second fingers can. As I soon saw,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 they charge head down, with those horns level with the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ground, and these did just as Daria had said. The cherkajis
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rallied and attacked again with their slender\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  lances and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 forked swords. Trailing far behind that lightning dash, the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 arsinoithers lumbered forward, grey-black heads down and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tails up, with the deep-bosomed, dark-faced maidens standing 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 erect under their canopies and gripping the gilded poles.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 One cou\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ld see from the way these women held themselves
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that their thighs were as full as the udders of milch cows and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 round as the trunks of trees.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The charge carried them through the swirling fight and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 deep\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 but not too deep\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 into the checkerboard. The Ascian
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fo\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ot soldiers blasted the sides of their beasts, which must
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have been like burning horn or }{\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cuir boli}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ; they tried to mount
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 their heads and were tossed into the air; they struggled to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 climb the grey flanks. The cherkajis came crashing to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rescue, and the ch\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eckerboard flowed and ebbed and lost a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 square.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Watching it from such a distance, I recalled my own
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thoughts of battle as a game of chess, and I felt that some-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 where someone else had entertained the same thoughts and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 unconsciously allowed them to shape hi\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s plan.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "They're lovely," Daria continued, teasing me. "Chosen at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 twelve and fed on honey and pure oils. I've heard their flesh
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 is so tender they can't lie on the ground without being
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bruised. Bags of feathers are carried about for them to sleep
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 on. If th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ose are lost, the girls have to lie in mud that shapes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 itself to support their bodies. The eunuchs who care for them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mix it with wine warmed over a fire, so they will sleep and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not be cold."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "We should dismount," Mesrop said. "It'll spare the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 animals."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 B\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ut I wanted to watch the battle and would not get down,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 though soon only Guasacht and I remained in the saddle out
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of our entire bacele.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The cherkajis had- been driven back once again, and now
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 came under a withering bombardment from unseen artillery.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 peltasts dropped to the ground, covering themselves
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with their shields. New squares of Ascian infantry emerged
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from the forest on the north side of the valley. There seemed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to be no end to them; I felt we had been committed against
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 an inexhaustible enemy.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The feeling grew stronger when the cherkajis charged a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 third time. A bolt struck an arsinoither, blowing it and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lovely woman it had carried to bloody ruin. The infantry was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 firing at those women now; one crumpled, and howdah and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 canopy vanished in a p\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 uff of flame. The infantry squares advanced 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 over brightly clad corpses and dead destriers.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 By each step in war the winner loses. The ground the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 checkerboard had won exposed the side of its leading square
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to us, and to my astonishment we were ordered to m\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ount,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 spread into line, and wheeled against it, first trotting, then
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cantering, and at last, with the brass throats of all the graisles
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shouting, in a desperate rush that nearly blew the skin from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 our faces.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 If the cherkajis were lightly armed, we were a\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rmed more
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lightly still. Yet there was a magic in the charge more powerful 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 than the chants of our savage allies. The wildfire of our
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 weapons played along the distant ranks as scythes attack a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wheat field. I lashed the piebald with his reins to keep from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 b\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eing outdistanced by the roaring hoofs I heard behind me.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Yet I was, and glimpsed Daria as she shot past, the flame of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 her hair flying free, her contus in one hand and a sabre in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 other, her cheeks whiter than the foaming flanks of her des-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 trier. I kne\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 w then how the custom of the cherkajis had begun, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and I tried to charge faster still so that she should not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 die, though Thecla laughed through my lips at the thought.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Destriers do not run like common beasts\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 they skim the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ground as arrows do air. For an \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 instant, the fire of the Ascian
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 infantry half a league away rose before us like a wall. A moment 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 later we were among them, the legs of every mount
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bloody to the knee. The square that had seemed as solid as a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 building stone had become only a crowd of frant\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ic soldiers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with big shields and cropped heads, soldiers ^who often slew
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 one another in their eagerness to slay us.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Fighting is a stupid business at best; but there are things to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 be learned about it, of which the first is that numbers tell
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 only in time. \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The immediate struggle is always that of an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 individual against one or two others. In this our destriers gave
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 us the upper hand\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 not only because of their height and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 weight, but because they bit and struck out with their fore-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 feet, and the blows of their ho\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ofs were more powerful than
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 any man save Baldanders could have delivered with a mace.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Fire cut through my contus. I dropped it but continued to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 kill, slashing left, then right, then left again with the falchion
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and hardly noticing that the blast had laid \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 open my leg.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I think I must have cut down half a dozen Ascians before I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 saw that they all looked the same\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 not that they all had the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 same face (as the men in some units of our own army do, who
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 are indeed closer than brothers), but that the differences
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 amon\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 g them seemed accidental and trivial. I had observed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 this among our prisoners when We had retrieved the steel
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 coach, but it had not really impressed itself upon my mind.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 In the madness of battle it did so, for it seemed a part of that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 madness. The frenzied\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  figures were male and female: the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 women had small but pendulous breasts and were half a head
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shorter, but there was no other distinction. All had large,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 brilliant, wild eyes, hair clipped nearly to the skull, starved
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 faces, screaming mouths, and prominent\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  teeth.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 We fought free as the cherkajis had; the square had been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dented but not destroyed. While we let our mounts catch
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 breath it reformed, the light, polished shields to the front. A
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 spearman broke ranks and came running toward us waving his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 weapon. At\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  first I thought it mere bluster; then, as he came
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nearer (for a normal man runs much less swiftly than a des-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 trier), that he wished to surrender. At last, when he had almost 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 reached our line, he fired, and a trooper shot him down.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 In his convulsions he \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 threw his blazing spear into the air; I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 remember how it twisted against the dark blue sky.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Guasacht came trotting over. "You're bleeding bad. Can
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you ride when we charge them again?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I felt as strong as I ever had in my life and told him so.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Still, you'\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d better get a bandage on that leg."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The seared flesh had cracked; blood was oozing out. Daria,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 who had not been hurt at all, bound it up.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The charge for which I had been prepared never took
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 place. Quite unexpectedly (at least as far as I was concerned)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the order came to turn about, and we went trotting off to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 northeast over open, rolling country whisperous with coarse
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 grass.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The savages seemed to have vanished. A new force appeared 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in their place, on the flank that had now become our
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 front. At fir\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 st I thought they were cavalry on centaurs, creatures 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 whose pictures I had encountered in the brown book. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 could see the heads and shoulders of the riders above the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 human heads of their mounts, and both appeared to bear
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 arms. When they drew nearer, I saw\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  they were nothing so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 romantic: merely small men\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 dwarfs, in fact\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 upon the shoulders 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of very tall ones.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Our directions of advance were nearly parallel but slowly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 converged. The dwarfs watched us with what seemed a sullen
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 attention. The tall men did not l\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ook at us at all. At last,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 when our column was no more than a couple of chains from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 theirs, we halted and turned to face them. With a horror I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had not felt before, I realized that these strange riders and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 strange steeds were Ascians; our maneuver had been \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 intended
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to prevent them from taking the peltasts in the flank, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had now succeeded in that they would now have to make
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 their attack, if they could, through us. There seemed to be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 about five thousand of them, however, and there were certainly 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 many more \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 than we had fit to fight.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Yet no attack came. We had halted and formed a tight
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 line, stirrup to stirrup. Despite their numbers, they surged
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nervously up and down before it as though attracted first by
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the thought of passing it on the right, then on the le\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ft, then
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 on the right again. It was clear, however, that they could not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pass at all unless a part of their force engaged our front to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 prevent our striking the rest from behind. As if hoping to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 postpone the fight, we did not fire..
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Now we saw repetitions \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the behavior of the lone spearman 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 who had left his square to attack us. One of the tall men
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dashed forward. In one hand he held a slender-staff, hardly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 more than a switch; in the other, a sword of the kind called a
\par }{\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shotel}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 , which has a very long, double\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 -edged blade whose for-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ward half is curved into a semicircle. As he drew nearer he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 slowed, and I saw that his eyes were unfocused; that he was in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fact blind. The dwarf on his shoulders had an arrow nocked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to the string of a short, recurved bow.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 When thes\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e two were within half a chain of us, Erblon
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 detailed two men to drive them off. Before they could close
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with the blind man, he broke into a run as swift as any destriers 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but eerily silent, and came flying toward us. Eight or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ten troopers fired, but I saw\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  then how difficult it is to hit a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 target moving at such speed. The arrow struck and burst in a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 blaze of orange light. A trooper tried to parry the blind man's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wand\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 the shotel flashed down, and its hooked blade laid
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 open the trooper's skull.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Then a group\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  of three of the blind men with three riders
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 detached itself from the mass of the enemy. Before they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 reached us, there were clusters of five or six coming. Far
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 down the line, our hipparch raised his arm; Guasacht waved
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 us forward and Erblon blew the charge\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 , echoed to right and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 left\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 a bellowing note that seemed to have deep-mouthed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bells in it.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Though I did not know it at the time, it is axiomatic that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 encounters purely between cavalry rapidly degenerate into
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mere skirmishes. So it was with ours. We rode at\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  them, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 though we lost twenty or thirty in doing so, we rode through
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 them. At once we turned to engage them again, both to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 prevent their flanking the peltasts and to regain contact with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 our own army. They, of course, turned to face us; and in a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 short ti\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me neither we nor they had anything that could be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 called a front, or any tactics beyond those each fighter forged
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 for himself.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 My own were to veer away from any dwarf who looked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ready to shoot and try to catch others from behind or from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the side. They wo\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rked well enough when I could apply them,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but I quickly found that though the dwarfs appeared almost
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 helpless when the blind men they rode were killed under
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 them, their tall steeds ran amok without their riders, attacking 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 anything that stood in their path\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  with frantic energy, so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that they were more dangerous than ever.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Very soon the dwarfs' arrows and our conti had kindled
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 scores of fires in the grass. The choking smoke rendered the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 confusion worse than ever. I had lost sight of Daria and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Guasacht\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 of ever\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 yone I knew\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 sometime before. Through
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the acrid grey haze I could just make out a figure on a plunging 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 destrier fighting off four Ascians. I went to him, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 though one dwarf turned his blind steed and sent an arrow
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 whizzing by my ear, I rode over them and\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  heard the blind
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 man's bones snap under the piebald's hoofs. A hairy figure
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rose from the smouldering grass behind the other pw and cut
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 them down as a peon hews a tree\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 three or four strokes of his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 axe to the same spot until the blind man fell.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The mounte\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d soldier I had come to rescue was not one of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 our troopers, but one of the savages who had been on our
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 right earlier. He had been wounded, and when I saw the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 blood I recalled that I had been wounded too. My leg was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stiff, my strength nearly gone. I would h\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ave ridden back
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 toward the south crest of the valley and our own lines if I had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 known which way to go. As it was, I gave the piebald his head
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and a good slap from the reins, having heard that these animals 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 will often return to the place where they last ha\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d water
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and rest. He broke into a canter that soon became a gallop.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Once he jumped, nearly throwing me from the saddle, and I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 looked down to glimpse a dead destrier with Erblon dead
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 beside him, and the brass graisle and the black and green flag
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lying on th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e burning turf. I would have. turned the piebald
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and gone back for them, but by the time I pulled him up, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 no longer knew the spot. To my right, a mounted line
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 showed through the smoke, dark and almost formless, but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 serrated. Par behind it loomed a machin\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e that flashed fire, a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 machine that was like a tower walking.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 At one moment they were nearly invisible; at the next they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 were upon me like a torrent. I cannot say who the riders were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 or on what beasts they rode; not because I have forgotten
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 (for I forget\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  nothing) but because I saw nothing clearly.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 There was no question of fighting, only of seeking in some
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 way to live. I parried a blow from a twisted weapon that was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 neither sword nor axe; the piebald reared, and I saw an arrow
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 protruding from his chest lik\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e a horn of fire. A rider crashed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 against us, and we fell into the dark.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 XXIII
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Pelagic Argosy Sights Land}{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 WHEN I REGAINED consciousness, it was the pain in my leg
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that I felt first. It was pinned beneath the body of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 piebald, and I struggle\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d to free it almost before I knew who I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was or how I found myself where I did. My hands and face,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the very ground on which I lay, were crusted with blood.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 And it was quiet\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 so quiet. I listened for the thudding of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hoofs, the drum roll that makes Urth herse\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lf its drum. It was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not there. The shouts of the cherkajis were no more, nor the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shrill, mad cries that had come from the checkerboard of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ascian infantry. I tried to turn to push against the saddle,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but I could not do so.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Somewhere far off, no doubt on o\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ne of the ridges that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rimmed the valley, a dire wolf raised its maw to Lune. That
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 inhuman howling, which Thecla had heard once or twice before 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 when the court went to hunt near Silva, made me realize
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that the dimness of my sight was not due to the smoke of\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 grass fires that had burned earlier that day, or, as I had half
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 feared, to some head injury. The land was twilit, though
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 whether by dusk or dawn I could not say.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I rested and perhaps I slept, then roused again at the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sound of footsteps. It was darker\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  than I remembered. The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 footsteps were slow, soft, and heavy. Not the sound of cavalry 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 on the move, nor yet the measured tread of inarching infantry\hich\f2 \emdash 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a walk heavier than Baldanders's and more slow. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 opened my mouth to cry for help, then closed it again, \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thinking 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I might call upon myself something more terrible than
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that I had-once waked in the mine of the man-apes. I lunged
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 away from the dead piebald until it seemed I would wrench
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my leg from its socket. Another dire wolf, as frightful as the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 first and m\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 uch closer, howled to the green isle overhead.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 As a boy, I was often told I lacked imagination. If it were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ever true, Thecla must have brought it to our nexus, for I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 could see the dire wolves in my mind, black and silent shapes,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 each as large as an onyge\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 r, pouring down into the valley; and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I could hear them cracking the ribs of the dead. I called, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 called again, before I knew what it was I did.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 It seemed to me that the heavy footsteps paused. Certainly 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 they moved toward me, whether they had been comin\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 g
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 toward me before or not. I heard a rustling in the grass, and a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 little phenocod, striped like a melon, bounded out, terrified
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 by something I still could not see. It shied at the sight of me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and in a moment was gone.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I have said that Erblon's graisle was\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  silenced. Another blew
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 now, a deeper, longer, wilder note than I had ever heard. The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 outline of a bent orphicleide showed against the dusky sky.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 When its music was ended it fell, and in a moment more I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 saw the head of the player blotting out the brighteni\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ng moon
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at three times the height of a mounted trooper's helmet\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 domed head shaggy with hair.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The orphicleide sounded once more, deep as a waterfall,
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and this time I saw it rise, and the white, curling tusks that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 guarded it on each side, and I knew I lay \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in the path of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 very symbol of dominion, the beast called Mammoth.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Guasacht had said I held some mastery over animals, even
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 without the Claw. I strove to use it now, whispering I know
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not what, concentrating my thought until it seemed my temples 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 burst. The mammoth's trunk came questing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 toward me, its tip nearly a cubit across. Lightly as a child's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hand it touched my face, flooding me with moist, hot breath
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sweet with hay. The corpse of the piebald was lifted away; I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tried to stand but somehow fell\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 . The mammoth caught me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 up, winding its trunk about my waist, and lifted me higher
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 than its own head.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The first thing I saw was the muzzle of a trilhoen with a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dark, bulging lens the size of a dinner plate. It was fitted with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a seat for the operator, but \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 no one sat there. The gunner had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 come down and stood upon the mammoth's neck as a sailor
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 might upon the deck of a ship, with one hand on the barrel
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 for balance. For a moment a light shone in my face, blinding
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "It's you. Miracles converge on us." The v\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 oice was not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 truly either a man's or a woman's; it might almost have been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a boy's. I was laid at the speaker's feet, and he said, "You're
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hurt. Can you stand on that leg?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I managed to say I did not think I could.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "This is a poor place to lie, but a good\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  one to fall from.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 There's a gondola farther back, but I'm afraid Mamillian
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 can't reach it with his trunk. You'll have to sit up here, with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 your back against the swivel."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I felt his hands, small, soft, and moist, beneath my arms.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Perhaps it was their touc\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 h that told me who he was: The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 androgyne I had met in the snow-covered House Azure, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 later in that artfully foreshortened room that posed as a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 painting hanging in a corridor of the House Absolute.
\par }{\i\dbch\af23 \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Autarch.
\par }{\dbch\af23 \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 In Thecla's memories I saw him robed in j\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ewels. Although
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he had said he recognized me, I could not believe in my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dazed state that it was so, and I gave him the code phrase he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had once given me, saying, "The pelagic argosy sights land."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "It does. It does indeed. Yet if you fall overboard now, I'\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 m
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 afraid Mamillian's not quite quick enough to catch you . . .
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 despite his undoubted wisdom. Give him as much help as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you can. I'm not as strong as I look."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I got some part of the trilhoen's mount in one hand and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was able to pull myself around on the mus\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ty-smelling mat
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that was the mammoth's hide. "To speak the truth," I said,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "you've never looked strong to me."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You have the professional eye and ought to know, but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I'm not even as strong as that. You, on the other hand have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 always seemed to me a construc\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tion of horn and boiled
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 leather. And you must be, or you'd be dead by now. What
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 happened to your leg?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Burned, I think."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Well have to get you something for it." He raised his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 voice slightly. }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 "Home! Back home, Mamillian!\'94}{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "May I ask what you're doing \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 here?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Having a look at the field of battle. You fought here
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 today, I take it."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I nodded, though I felt my head would tumble from my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shoulders.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I didn't... or rather, I did, but not personally. I ordered
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 certain bodies of light auxiliaries into actio\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 n, with a legion of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 peltasts in support. I suppose you must have been one of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 auxiliaries. Were any of your friends killed?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I only had one. She was all right the last time I saw her."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 His teeth flashed in the moonlight. "You maintain your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 interest i\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 n women. Was it the Dorcas you told me of?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "No. It doesn't matter." I did not quite know how to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 phrase what I was about to say. (It is the worst of bad manners 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to state openly that one has penetrated an incognito.)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 At last I managed, "I can see you hold\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  high rank in our
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Commonwealth. If it won't get me pushed from the back of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 this animal, can you tell me what someone who commands
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 legions was doing conducting that place in the Algedonic
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Quarter?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 While I spoke, the night had grown rapidly darker, the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 st\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ars winking out one after another like the tapers in a hall
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 when the ball is over and footmen walk among them with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 snuffers like mitres of gold dangling from spidery rods. At a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 great distance I heard the androgyne say, "You know who we
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 are. We are the thin\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 g itself, the self-ruler, the Autarch. We
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 know more. We know who you are."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Master Malrubius was, as I realize now, a very sick man
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 before he died. At the time I did not know it, because the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thought of sickness was foreign to me. At least half our apprenti\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ces, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and perhaps more than half, died before they were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 raised to journeyman; but it never occurred to me that our
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tower might be an unhealthy place, or that the lower reaches
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of Gyoll, where we so often swam, were little purer than a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cesspool. Apprentices\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  had always died, and when we living
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 apprentices dug their graves we turned up small pelvises and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 skulls, which we, the succeeding generation, reburied again
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and again until they were so much injured by the spade that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 their chalky particles were lost in th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e tar like soil. I, however,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 never suffered more than a sore throat and a running nose,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 forms of sickness that serve only to deceive healthy people
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 into the belief that they know in what disease consists. Master 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Malrubius suffered real illness, which is t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 o see death in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shadows.                    
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 As he stood at his little table, one. felt that he was conscious 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of someone standing behind him. He looked straight
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to the front, never turning his head and hardly moving a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shoulder, and he Spoke as much for t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hat unknown listener as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 for us.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I have done my best to teach you boys the rudiments of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 learning. They are the seeds of trees that should grow and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 blossom in your minds. Severian, look to your }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Q}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 . It should be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 round and full like the face of a happy boy, b\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ut one of its
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cheeks is as fallen-in as your own. You have all, all you boys,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seen how the spinal cord, lifting itself toward its culmination,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 expands and at last blossoms in the myriad pathways of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 brain. And this one, one cheek round, the other seared\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shrivelled."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 His trembling hand reached for the slate pencil, but it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 escaped his fingers and rolled over the edge of the table to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 clatter on the floor. He did not stoop to pick it up, fearful,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I think, that in. stooping he might glimpse the invisible
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 presence.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I have spent much of my life, boys, in trying to implant
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 those seeds in the apprentices of our guild. I have had a few
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 successes, but not many. There was a boy, but he\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 "
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He went to the port and spat, and because I was sitting
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 near it I saw th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e twisted shapes formed by the seeping blood
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and knew that the reason I could not see the dark figure (for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 death is of the colour that is darker than fuligin) that accompanied 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 him was that it stood within him.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Just as I had discovered that death in a ne\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 w form, in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shape of war, could frighten me when it could no longer do
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 so in its old ones, so I learned now that the weakness of my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 body could afflict me with the terror and despair my old
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 teacher must have felt. Consciousness came and went.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Consciousn\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ess went and came like the errant winds of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 spring, and I, who so often have had difficulty in falling
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 asleep among the besieging shades of memory, now fought to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stay awake as a child struggles to lift a faltering kite by the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 string. At times I was obliviou\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s to everything except my injured 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 body. The wound in my leg, which I had hardly felt
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 when I received it, and whose pain I had so effortlessly locked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 away when Daria had bandaged it, throbbed with an intensity 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that formed the background to all my thoughts\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 , like the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rumbling of the Drum Tower at the solstice. I turned from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 side to side, thinking always that I lay upon that leg.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had hearing without sight and occasionally sight with-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 out hearing. I rolled my cheek from the matted hair of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Mamillian and lai\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d it on a pillow woven of the minute,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 downy feathers of hummingbirds.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Once I saw torches with dancing flames of scarlet and radiant 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gold held by solemn apes. A man with the horns and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 muzzled face of a bull bent over me, a constellation sprung
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to life. I\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  spoke to him and found myself telling him that I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was unsure of the precise date of my birth, that if his benign
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 spirit of meadow and unfeigning force had governed my life I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thanked him for it; then remembered that I knew the date,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that my father had given\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  a ball for me each year until his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 death, that it fell under the Swan. He listened intently, fuming 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 his head to watch me from one brown eye.
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 XXIV
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Flier}{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 SUNLIGHT IN MY FACE.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I tried to sit up, and in fact succeeded in getting one elbow
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 beneath \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me. All about me shimmered an orb of colour\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 purple
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and cyan, ruby and azure, with the orpiment of the sun piercing 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 these enchanted tints like a sword to fall upon my eyes.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Then it was blotted out, and its extinction revealed what its
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 splendour had obscure\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d: I lay in a domed pavilion of variegated 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 silk, with an open door.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The rider of the mammoth was walking toward me. He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was robed in saffron, as I had always seen him, and carried an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ebony rod too light to be a weapon. "You have recovered,"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he said.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I'd\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  try and say yes, but I'm afraid the effort of speaking
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 might kill me."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He smiled at that, though the smile was no more than a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 twitching of the mouth. "As you should know better than
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 almost anyone, the sufferings we endure in this life make
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 possible all t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he happy crimes and pleasant abominations we
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shall commit in the next. . . aren't you eager to collect?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I shook my head and laid it on the pillow again. The soft-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ness smelled faintly of musk.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "That is just as well, because it will be some time before
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 y\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ou do."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Is that what your physician says?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I am my own, and I've been treating you myself. Shock
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was the principal problem. ... It sounds like a disorder for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 old women, as you are no doubt thinking at this moment.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 But it kills a great many men with wou\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nds. If all of mine who
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 die of it would only live, I would readily consent to the death
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of those who take a thrust in the heart."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "While you were being your own physician\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 and mine-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 were you telling the truth?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He smiled more broadly at that. "I always d\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 o. In my position, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I have to talk too much to keep a skein of lies in order;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of course, you must realize that the truth ... the little,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ordinary truths that farm wives talk of, not the ultimate and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 universal Truth, which I'm no more capable of uttering th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you ... that truth is more deceptive."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Before I lost consciousness, I heard you say you are the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Autarch."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He threw himself down beside me like a child, his body
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 making a distinct sound as it struck the piled carpets. "I did.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I am. Are you impressed?\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I would be more impressed," I said, "if I did not recall
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you so vividly from our meeting in the House Azure."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 (That porch, covered with snow, heaped with snow that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 deadened our footsteps, stood in the silken pavilion like a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 spectre. When the Autarch's \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 blue eyes met mine, I felt that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Roche stood beside me in the snow, both of us dressed in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 unfamiliar and none-too-well-fitting clothes. Inside, a woman
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 who was not Thecla was transforming herself into Thecla as I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was later to make myself Meschia, the first \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 man. Who can say
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to what degree an actor assumes the spirit of the person he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 portrays? When I played the Familiar, it was nothing, because 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it was so close to what I was\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 or had at least believed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 myself to be\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 in life; but as Meschia I had sometimes had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thou\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ghts that could never have occurred to me otherwise,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thoughts alien equally to Severian and to Thecla, thoughts of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the beginnings of things and the morning of the world.)
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I never told you, you will recall, that I was only the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Autarch."                  \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2                   
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "When I met you in the House Absolute, you appeared to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 be a minor official of the court. I admit you never told me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that, and in fact I knew then who you were. But it was you,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wasn't it, who gave the money to Dr. Talos?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I would have t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 old you that without a blush. It is completely 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 true. In fact, I am several of the minor officials of my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 court. . . . Why shouldn't I be? I have the authority to appoint 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 such officials, and I can just as well appoint myself. An
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 order from the Autarch is o\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ften too heavy an instrument, you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 see. You would never have tried to slit a nose with that big
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 headsman's sword you carried. There is a time for a decree
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from the Autarch, and a time for a letter from the third
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bursar, and I am both and more besides."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "An\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d in that house in the Algedonic Quarter\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 "
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I am also a criminal. .. just as you are."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 There is no limit to stupidity. Space itself is said to be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bounded by its own curvature, but stupidity continues be-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 yond infinity. I, who had always thought myself, \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 though not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 truly intelligent, at least prudent and quick to learn simple
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 things, who had always counted myself the practical and fore-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seeing one when I had travelled with Jonas or Dorcas, had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 never until that instant connected the Autarch's position at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e very apex of the structure of legality with his certain
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 knowledge that I had penetrated the House Absolute as an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 emissary of Vodalus. At that moment, I would have leaped
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 up and fled from the pavilion if I could, but my legs were like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 water.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "All of us \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 are\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 all of us must be who must enforce the law.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Do you think your guild brothers would have been so severe
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with you\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 and my agent reports that many of them wished to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 kill you\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 if they had themselves been guilty of something of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the same kind? You were a dange\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 r to them unless you were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 terribly punished because they might otherwise someday be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tempted. A judge or a jailer who has no crime of his own is a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 monster/alternately purloining the forgiveness that belongs
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to the Increate alone and practicing a deathly rig\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 or that belongs 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to no one and nothing.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "So I became a criminal. The violent crimes offended my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 love of humanity, and I lack the quickness of hand and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thought required of a thief. After blundering about for some
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 time... that would be in about the year yo\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 u were born, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 suppose ... I found my true profession. It takes care of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 certain emotional needs I cannot now satisfy otherwise . . .
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and I have, I really do have, a knowledge of human nature. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 know just when to offer a bribe and how much to give, and,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  most important thing, when not to. I know how to keep
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the girls who work for me happy enough with their careers to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 continue, and discontented enough with their fates. . . .
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 They're khaibits, of course, grown from the body cells of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 exultant women so an exc\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hange of blood will prolong the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 exultants' youth. I know how to make my clients feel that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the encounters I arrange are unique experiences instead of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 something midway between dewy-eyed romance and solitary
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 vice. You felt that you had a unique experience, di\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dn't you?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "That's what we call them too," I said. "}{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Clients}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 .\'94\loch\f2  had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been listening as much to the tone of his voice as to his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 words. He was happy, as I thought he had not been on either
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the other occasions on which I had encountered him, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to hear him\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  was like hearing a thrush speak. He almost
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seemed to know it himself, lifting his face and extending his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 throat, the Rs in }{\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 arrange}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  and }{\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 romance}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 
 trilled into the sunlight.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "It is useful too. It keeps me in touch with the underside
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the population, so I \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 know whether or not taxes are really
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 being collected and whether they're thought fair, which elements 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 are rising in society and which are going down."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I sensed that he was referring to me, though I had no idea
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 what he meant. "Those women from the court,"\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  I said.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Why didn't you get the real ones to help you? One of them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was pretending to be Thecla when Thecla was locked under
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 our tower."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He looked at me as though I had said something particularly 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stupid, as no doubt I had. "Because I can't trust them,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of course. A thing like that has to remain a secret.... Think
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the opportunities for assassination. Do you believe that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 because all those gilded personages from ancient families
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bow so low in my presence, and smile, and whisper discreet
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 jokes and lewd l\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ittle invitations, they feel some loyalty to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me? You will learn differently, you may be sure. There are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 few at my court I can trust, and none among the exultants."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You say I'll learn differently. Does that mean you don't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 intend to have me executed?" I co\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 uld feel the pulse in my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 neck and see the scariet gout of blood.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Because you know my secret now? No. We have other
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 uses for you, as I told you when we talked in the room be-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hind the picture."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Because I was sworn to Vodalus."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 At that his amusement mas\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tered him. He threw back his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 head and laughed, a plump and happy child who had just
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 discovered the secret of some clever toy. When the laughter
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 subsided at last into a merry gulping, he clapped his hands.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Soft though they looked, the sound was remarkably l\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 oud.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Two creatures with the bodies of women and the heads of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cats entered. Their eyes were a span apart and as large as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 plums; they strode on their toes as dancers sometimes do, but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 more gracefully than any dancers I have ever seen, with some-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thing m the\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ir motions that told me it was their normal gait. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have said they had the bodies of women, but that was not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 quite true, for I saw the tips of claws sheathed in the short,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 soft fingers that dressed me. In wonder, I took the hand of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 one and pressed it as I \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have Sometimes pressed the paw of a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 friendly cat, and saw the claws barred. My eyes brimmed with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tears at the sight of them, because they were shaped like that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 claw that is the Claw, that once lay concealed in the gem
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that I, in my ignorance, called the Cl\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 aw of the Conciliator.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Autarch saw I was Weeping, and told the woman-cats
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 they were hurting me and must put me down. I felt like an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 infant who has just learned he will never see his mother
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 again.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "We do not harm him. Legion," one protested in such a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 v\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 oice as I had never heard before.
\par \tab \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'94\loch\f2 Put him down, I said!"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "They have not so much as grazed my skin, Sieur," I told
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 him.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 With the woman-cats' support I was able to walk. It was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 morning, when all shadows flee the first sight of the sun; the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tight that ha\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d wakened me had been the earliest of the new
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 day. Its freshness filled my lungs now, and the coarse grass
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 over which we walked darkened my scuffed old boots with its
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dew; a breeze faint as the dim stars stirred my hair.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Autarch's pavilion stood on th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e summit of a hill. All
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 around lay the main bivouac of his army\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 tents of black and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 grey, and others like dead leaves; huts of turf and pits that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 led to shelters underground, from which streams of soldiers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 issued now like silver ants.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "We must be careful, \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you see," he said. "Though we are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 some distance behind the lines here, if this place were plainer
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it would invite attack from above."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I used to wonder why your House Absolute lay beneath
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 its own gardens, Sieur."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "The need has long passed now, but there \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was a time when
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 they laid waste to Nessus."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Below us and all around us, the silver lips of trumpets
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sounded.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Was it only the night?" I asked. "Or have I slept a whole
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 day away?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "No. Only the night. I gave you medicines to ease your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pain and keep infec\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tion from your wound. I would not have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 roused you this morning, but I saw you were awake when I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 came in ... and there is no more time."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I was not certain what he meant by that. Before I could
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ask, I caught sight of six nearly naked men hauling at a rope.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 My first impression was that they were bringing down some
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 huge balloon, but it was a flier, and the sight of its black bid!
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 brought vivid memories of the Autarches court.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I was expecting\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 what was its name? Mamillian."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "No pets today. Mamillian is an ex\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cellent comrade, silent
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and wise and able to fight with a mind independent of my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 own, but when all is said and done, I ride him for pleasure.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 We will thieve a string from the Ascians' bow and use a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mechanism today. They steal many from us."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Is it true th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at it consumes their power to land? I think
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 one of your aeronauts once told me that."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "When you were the Chatelaine Thecla, you mean.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Thecla purely."
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Yes, of course. Would it be impolitic. Autarch, to ask
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 why you had me killed? And how you know me now?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I know you because I see your face in the face of my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 young friend and hear your voice in his. Your nurses know
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you too. Look at them."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I did, and saw the woman-cats' faces twisted in snarls of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fear and amazement.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "As to why you died, I will speak of \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 to him\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 board the flier . . . have we time. Now, go back. You find it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 easy to manifest yourself because he is weak and ill, but I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 must have him now, not you. If you will not go, there are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 means."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Sieur-"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Yes, Severian? Are you afraid? Have you \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 entered such a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 contrivance before?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "No," I said. "But I am not afraid."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Do you recall your question about their power? It is true,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in a sense. Their lift is supplied by the antimaterial equivalent 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of iron, held in a penning trap by magnetic fields. Si\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nce
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the anti-iron has a reversed magnetic structure, it is repelled
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 by promagnetism. The builders of this flier have surrounded
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it with magnets, so that when it drifts from its position at the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 centre it enters a stronger field and is forced back. On an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ant\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 imaterial world, that iron would weigh as much as a boulder, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but here on Urth it counters the weight of the promatter
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 used in the construction of the flier. Do you follow me?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I believe so, Sieur."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "The trouble is that it is beyond our technology to s\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eal the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 chamber hermetically. Some atmosphere\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 a few molecules-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 is always creeping in through porosities in the welds, or by
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 penetrating the insulation of the magnetic wires. Each such
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 molecule neutralizes its equivalent in anti-iron and produces
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 heat\'bb\loch\f2  and \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 each time one does so, the flier loses an infinitesimal 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 amount of lift. The only solution anyone has found is to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 keep fliers as high as possible, where there is effectively no air
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 pressure.\'94
\par \tab 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The flier was nosing down now, near enough for me to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 apprecia\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 te the beautiful sleekness of its lines. It had precisely
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the shape of a cherry leaf.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I didn't understand all of that," I said. "But I would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 think the ropes would have to be immensely long to allow
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the fliers to float high enough to do any good, and that\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  if the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ascian pentadactyls came over by night they would cut them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and let the fliers drift away."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The woman-cats smiled at that with tiny, secretive twitch-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ings of their lips.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "The rope is only for landing. Without it, our flier would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 require sufficien\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t distance for its forward speed to drive it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 down. Now, knowing we're below, it drops its cable just as a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 man in a pond might extend his hand to someone who would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pull him out. It has a mind of its own, you see. Not like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Mamillian's\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 a mind we have made for\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  it, but enough of a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mind to permit it to stay out of difficulties and come down
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 when it receives our signal."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The lower half of the flier was of opaque black metal, the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 upper half a dome so clear as to be nearly invisible\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 the same
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 substance, I suppose, a\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s the roof of the Botanic Gardens. A
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gun like the one the mammoth had carried thrust out from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the stem, and another twice as large protruded from the bow.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Autarch lifted one hand to his mouth and seemed to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 whisper into his palm. An aperture appeared i\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 n the dome (it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was as if a hole had opened in a soap bubble) and a flight of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 silver steps, as thin and insubstantial looking as the web lad-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 der of a spider, descended to us. The bare-chested men had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 left off pulling. "Do you think you can climb those?" th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Autarch asked.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "If I can use my hands," I said.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He went before me, and I crawled up ignominiously after
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 him, dragging my wounded leg. The seats, long benches that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 followed the curve of the hull on either side, were upholstered 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in fur; but even this fu\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 r felt colder than any ice. Be-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hind me, the aperture narrowed and vanished.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "We will have surface pressure in here no matter how high
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we go. You don't have to worry about suffocating."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I am afraid I am too ignorant to feel the fear, Sieur."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Would you\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  like to see your old bacele? They're far to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 right, but I\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 ll try to locate them for you."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Autarch had seated himself at the controls. Almost
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the only machinery I had seen before had been Typhon's and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Baldanders's, and that which Master Gurloes co\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ntrolled in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the Matachin Tower. It was of the machines, not of suffocation, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that I was afraid; but I fought the fear down.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "When you rescued me last night, you indicated that you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had not known I was in your army."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I made inquiries while you slept."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "A\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 nd it was you who ordered us forward?\'94
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "In a sense ... I issued the order that resulted in your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 movement, though I had nothing to do with your bacele
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 directly. Do you resent what I did? When you joined, did
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you think you would never have to fight?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 We we\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 re soaring upward, calling, as I had once feared to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 do, into the sky. But I remembered the smoke and the brassy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shout of the graisle, the troopers blown to red paste by the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 whistling bolts, and all my terror fumed to rage. "I knew
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nothing of war. How much \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 do you know? Have you ever
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 really been in a battle?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He glanced over his shoulder at me, his blue eyes flashing.
\par \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 I\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 ve been in a thousand. You are two as people are usually
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 counted. How many do you think I am?"
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 It was a long while before I answered him.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 XXV
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Mercy of Agia}{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 AT FIRST I THOUGHT there could be nothing stranger than to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 see the army stretch across the surface of Urth until it lay like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a garland before us, coruscant with weapons and armour,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 many-hued; the winged anpiels soaring above i\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t nearly as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 high as we, circling and rising on the dawn wind.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Then I beheld something stranger still. It was the army of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the Ascians, an army of watery whites and greyish blacks,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rigid as ours was fluid, deployed toward the northern horizon.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I went forwar\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d to stare at it.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I could show them to you more closely," the Autarch
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 said. "Still, you would see only human faces."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I realized he was testing me, though I did not know how.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Let me see them," I said.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 When I had ridden with the schiavoni and watched o\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ur
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 troops go into action, I had been struck by their look of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 weakness in the mass, the cavalry all ebb and flow like a wave
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that crashes with great force\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 then drains away as mere water,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 too weak to bear the weight of a mouse, pale stuff a child
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 might scoop\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  up in his hands. Even the peltasts, with their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 serried ranks and crystal shields, had seemed hardly more formidable 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 than toys on a tabletop. Now I saw how strong the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rigid formations of our enemy appeared, rectangles that held
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 machines as big as fortress\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 es and a hundred thousand soldiers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shoulder to shoulder.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 But on a screen in the centre of the control panel I looked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 under the visors of their helmets, and all that rigidity, all that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 strength, melted into a kind of horror. There were old people
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and chil\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dren in the infantry files, and some who seemed idiots. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Nearly all had the mad, famished faces I had observed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the day before, and I recalled the man who had broken from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 his square and thrown his spear into the air as he died. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 turned away.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Autarch \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 laughed. His laughter held no joy now; it was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a flat sound, like the snapping of a flag in a high wind. "Did
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you see one kill himself?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "No," I said.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You were fortunate. I often do, when I look at them.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 They are not permitted arms until they are ready t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 o engage
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 us, and so many take advantage of the opportunity. The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 spearmen drive the butts of their weapons into soft ground,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 usually, then blast off their own heads. Once I saw two
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 swordsmen\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 a man and a woman\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 who had made a compact.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 They stabbed each other \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in the belly, and I watched them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 counting first, moving their left hands . . .one . . . two . . .
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 three, and dead."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Who are they?" I asked.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He shot me a look I could not interpret. "What did you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 say?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I asked who they are, Sieur. I know they're our en\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 emies,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that they live to the north in the hot countries, and that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 they're said to be enslaved by Erebus. But who are they?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Up until now I doubt you knew you did not know. Did
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 My throat felt parched, though I could not have told why.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I said, "I su\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ppose not. I'd never seen one until I came into
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the lazaret of the Pelerines. In the south, the war seems very
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 remote."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He nodded. "We have driven them half as far to the north
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 As they once drove us south, we autarchs. Who they are you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 will discover in d\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ue time. . . . What matters is that you wish
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to know."   paused. "Both could be ours. Both armies, not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 just the one to the south. . . *. Would you advise me to take
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 both?" As he spoke, he manipulated some control and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 flier canted forward, its stern poi\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nting at the sky and its bow
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to the green earth, as though he meant to pour us out upon
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the disputed ground.
\par \tab \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 I don't understand what you mean," I told him.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Half what you said of them was incorrect. They do not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 come from the hot countries of the north, \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but from the continent 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that lies across the equator. But you were right when
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you called them the slaves of Erebus. They think themselves
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the allies of those who wait in the deep. In truth, Erebus and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 his allies would give them to me if I would give our so\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 uth to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 them. Give you and all the rest."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had to grip the back of the seat to keep from falling
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 toward him. "Why are you telling me this?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The flier righted itself like a child's boat in a puddle,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bobbing.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Because it will soon be necessary for you to\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  know that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 others have felt what you will feel."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I could not frame a question I dared to ask. At last I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ventured, "You said you'd tell me here why you killed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Thecla."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Does she not live in Severian?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 A windowless wall in my mind fell to ruins. I shouted\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 : "I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 died!" Not realizing what I had said until the words were past
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my lips.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Autarch took a pistol from beneath the control panel,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 letting it lie across his thighs as he fumed to face me.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You won't need that, Sieur," I said. "I'm too weak."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You h\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ave remarkable powers of recovery. ... I have seen
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 them already. Yes, the Chatelaine Thecla is gone, save as she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 endures in you, and though the two of you are always together, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you are both lonely. Do you still seek for Dorcas? You
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 told me of her, you reme\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mber, when we met in the Secret
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 House."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Why did you kill Thecla?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I did not. Your error lies in thinking I-am at the bottom
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of everything. No one is. . . . Not I, or Erebus, or any
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 other. As to the Chatelaine, you are she. Were you arrested
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 openly?"'
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The memory came more vividly than I would have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thought possible. I walked down a corridor whose walls were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lined with sad masks of silver and entered one of the abandoned 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rooms, high-ceilinged and musty with ancient hanging. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The courier I was to meet ha\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d not yet come. Because I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 knew the dusty divans would soil my gown, I took a chair, a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 spindly thing of gilt and ivory. The tapestry spilled from the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wall behind me; I recalled looking up and seeing Destiny
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 crowned in chains and Discontent with her staff an\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d glass, all
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 worked in coloured wool, descending upon me.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Autarch said, "You were taken by certain officers, who
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had learned that you were conveying information to your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 half sister's lover. Taken secretly, because your family has so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 much influence in\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  the north, and conveyed to an almost for-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gotten prison. By the time I learned what had occurred, you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 were dead. Should I have punished those officers for acting in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my absence? They are patriots, and you were a traitor."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I, Severian, am a traitor too." \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I said, and I told him, then
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 for the first time in detail, how I had once saved Vodalus,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and of the banquet I had later shared with him,
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 When I had concluded, he nodded to himself. "Much of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the loyalty you felt for Vodalus comes, surely, from the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Chatelai\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ne. Some she imparted to you while she was yet living, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 more after her death. Naive though you have been, I am
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 certain you are not so naive as to think it a coincidence that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it was she whose flesh was served to you by the corpse-eaters."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I protested, "Even\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  if he had known of my connection with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 her, there was no time to bring her body from Nessus."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Autarch smiled. "Have you forgotten that you told
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me a moment ago that when, you had saved him, he fled in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 such a craft as this? From that forest, hardly a \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dozen leagues
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 outside the City Wall, he could have flown to the centre of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Nessus, unearthed a corpse preserved by the chill soil of early
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 spring, and returned in less than a watch. Actually, he need
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not have known so much or moved so swiftly. While you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wer\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e imprisoned by your guild, he may have learned that the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Chatelaine Thecla, who had been loyal to him even to death,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was no more. By serving her flesh to his followers, he would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 strengthen them in his cause. He would require no additional
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 motive to take he\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 r body, and no doubt he reinterred her in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hoarded snow in some cellar, or in one of the abandoned
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mines with which that region abounds. You arrived, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wishing to bind you to him, he ordered her brought out"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Something passed too swiftly to be seen\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 an in\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stant later
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The fier rocked with the violence of its motion. Sparks maneuvered 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 on the screen.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Before the Autarch could take the controls again, we
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 were scudding backward. There was a detonation so loud it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seemed to paralyse me, and the reverberating sky \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 opened in a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 blossom of yellow fire. I have seen a sparrow, struck by a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stone from Eata's sling, reel in the air just as we did, and fall,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 like us, fluttering to one side.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I woke to darkness, pungent smoke, and the smell of fresh
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 earth. For a moment or a w\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 atch I forgot my rescue and believed 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I lay on the field where Daria and I, with Guasacht,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Erblon, and the rest, had fought the Ascians.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Someone lay near me\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 I heard the sigh of his breath, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the creakings and scrapings that betray movement\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 but at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 first\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  I paid no heed to them, and later I came to believe that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 these sounds were made by foraging animals, and grew afraid;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 later still, I recalled what had happened and knew they were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 surely made by the Autarch, who must have survived the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 crash with me, and I \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 called to him.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "So you still live, then." His voice was very weak. "I feared
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you would die ... though I should have known better. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 could not revive you, and your pulse was but faint."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I have forgotten! Do you remember when we flew over
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the armies? For \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a time I forgot it! I know now what it is to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 forget."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 There was pale laughter in his voice. "Which you will now
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 remember always."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I hope so, but it fades even as we speak. It vanishes like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mist, which must itself be a forgetting. What was that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 weapon th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at brought us down?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I do not know. But listen. These are the most important
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 words of my life. Listen. You have served Vodalus, and his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dream of renewed empire. You still wish, do you not, that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 humankind should go again to the stars?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I recalled someth\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ing Vodalus had told me in the wood and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 said, "Men of Urth, sailing between the stars, leaping from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 galaxy to galaxy, the masters of the daughters of the sun."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "They were so once . . ..and brought all the old wars of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Urth with them, and in the young suns \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 kindled new ones.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Even they," (I could not see him^ yet I knew by his tone that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he had indicated the Ascians) "understand it must not be so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 again. They wish the race to become a single individual ...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the same, duplicated to the end of number. We wish each \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 carry all the race and its longings within himself. Have you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 noticed the phial I wear at my neck?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Yes, often."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "It contains a pharmacon like alzabo, already mixed and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 held in suspension. I am cold already below the waist. I will
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 die soon. Before I d\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ie .. . you must use it."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I cannot see you," I said. "And I can scarcely move*"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Nevertheless, you will find a way. You remember everything, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and so you must recall the night you came to my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 House Azure. That night someone else came to me. I was a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 servan\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t once, in the House Absolute. . . . That is why they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hate me. As they will hate you, for what you once were.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Paeon, who trained me, who was honey-steward fifty years
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gone by. I knew what he was in truth, for I had met him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 before. He told me you were the o\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ne .. , the next. I did not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 think it would be quite so soon. ..."
\par \tab 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 His voice fell away, and I began to grope for him, pulling
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 myself along. My hand found his, and he whispered, "Use
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the knife. We are behind the Ascian line, but I have called
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 upon Vodalus\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  to rescue you. . .. I hear the hoofs of his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 destriers."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The words were so faint I could hardly hear, though my ear
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was within a span of his mouth. "Rest," I said. Knowing that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Vodalus hated him and sought to destroy him, I thought him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 delirious.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I am h\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 is spy. That is another of my offices. He draws the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 traitors.... I learn who they are and what they do, what they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 think. That is one of his. Now I have told him the Autarch is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 trapped in this flier and given him our location. He has
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 served me ... as my bod\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 yguard ... before this."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Now even I could hear the sound of feet on the ground
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 outside. I reached up, searching for some means by which to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 signal; my hand touched fur, and I knew the flier had over-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 turned, leaving us like hidden toads beneath it.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 There\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  was a snap and the scream of tearing metal. Moon-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 light, seeming bright as day but green as willow leaves, came
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 flooding through a rent in the hull that gaped as I watched. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 saw the Autarch, his thin white hair darkened with dried
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 blood.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 And above him s\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ilhouettes, green shades looking down
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 upon us. Their faces were invisible; but I knew those gleaming 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eyes and narrow heads belonged to no followers of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Vodalus. Frantically, I searched for the Autarch's pistol. My
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hands were seized. I was drawn up, and as \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I emerged I could
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not help thinking of the dead woman I had seen pulled from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 her grave in the necropolis, for the flier had fallen on soft
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ground and half buried itself. Where the Ascian bolt had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 struck it, its side was torn away, leaving a tangle of ruine\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wiring. The metal was twisted and burned.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I did not have much time to look at it My captors turned
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me around and around as one after another took my face in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 his hands. My cloak was fingered as though they had never
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seen cloth. With their large eyes and\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  hollow cheeks, these
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 evzones seemed to me much like the infantry we had fought
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 against, but though there were women among them, there
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 were no old people and no children. They wore silvery caps
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and shirts in place of armour, and carried strangely shaped
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 je\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 zails, so long barrelled that when their butt plates rested on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the ground their muzzles were higher than their owners'
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 heads. As I saw the Autarch lifted from the flier, I said,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Your message was intercepted, Sieur, I think."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Nevertheless, it arrived." H\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e was too weak to point, but I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 followed the direction of his eyes, and after a moment I saw
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 flying shapes against the moon.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 It almost seemed they slid down the beams to us, they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 came so quickly and so straight. Their heads were like the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 skulls of women, \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 round and white, capped with miters of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bone and stretched at the jaws into curved bills lined with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pointed teeth. They were winged, the pinions so great they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seemed to have no bodies at all Twenty cubits at least these
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pinions stretched from tip to tip, wh\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 en they beat they made
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 no sound, but far below I felt the rush of air.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 (Once I had imagined such creatures threshing the forests
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of Urth and beating flat her cities. Had my thought helped
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bring these?)
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 It seemed a long time before the Ascian evzones sa\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 w them.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Then two or three fired at once, and the converging bolts
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 caught one at their intersection and blew it to rags, then
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 another and another. For an instant the light was blotted
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 out, and something cold and flaccid struck my face, knocking
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me down.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 W\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hen I could see again, half a dozen of the Ascians were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gone and the rest were firing into the air at targets almost
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 imperceptible to me. Something whitish fell from them. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thought it would explode and put my head down, but in-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 instead the hull of the wre\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cked flier rang like a cymbal. A
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 body\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 a human body broken like a doll\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s-had struck it, but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 there was no blood.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 One of the evzones jammed his weapon in my back and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pushed me forward. Two more were supporting the Autarch
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 much as the woman-cats had supporte\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d me. I discovered that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had lost all sense of direction. Though the moon still shone,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 masses of cloud veiled most of the stars. I looked in vain for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the cross and for those three stars that are, for reasons no one
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 understands, called }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Eight}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  and hang f\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 orever over the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 southern ice. Several of the evzones were still firing when
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 there came blazing among us some arrow or spear that burst
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in a mass of blinding white sparks.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "That will do it," the Autarch whispered.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I was rubbing my eyes as I stumbled along,\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  but I managed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to ask what he meant.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Can you see? No more can they. Our friends above . . ,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Vodalus's, I think . . . did not know our captors were so well
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 armed. Now there will be no more good shooting, and as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 soon as that cloud drifts across the disc o\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 f Lune . .."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I felt cold, as though a chill mountain wind had cut the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tepid air around us. A few moments before I had been in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 despair to find myself among these gaunt soldiers. Now 1
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would have given anything for some guarantee that I would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 remain among t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hem.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Autarch was to my left, hanging limp between two
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 evzones who had slung their long-barrelled jezails aslant their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 backs. As I watched, his head lolled to one side, and I knew
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he was unconscious or dead. "Legion" the woman-cats had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 called him, and\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  it did not take great intellect to combine
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that name with what he had told me in the wrecked flier.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Just as Thecla and Severian had joined in me, many personalities 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 were surely united in him. Ever since the night I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had first seen him, when Roche had brou\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ght me to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 House Azure (whose odd name I was now, perhaps, beginning 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to grasp) I had sensed the complexity of his thought, as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we sense, even in a bad light, the complexity of a mosaic, the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 myriad, infinitesimal chips that combine to produce the illumin\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ated 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 face and staring eyes of the New Sun.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He had said I was destined to succeed him, but for how
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 long a reign? Preposterous as it was in a prisoner, and in a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 man so injured and so weak that a watch of rest on the coarse
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 grass would have seemed like par\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 adise, I was consumed with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ambition. He had said I must eat his flesh and swallow the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 drug while he still lived; and, loving him, I would have torn
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my own from the grasp of my captors, if I had possessed the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 strength, to claim that luxury and pomp and powe\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 r. I was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Severian and Thecla united now, and perhaps the torturers'
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ragged apprentice had, without fully knowing it, longed for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 those things more than the young exultant held captive at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 court. I knew then what poor Cyriaca had felt in the gardens
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the ar\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 chon; yet if she had felt fully what I felt at that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 moment, it would have burst her heart.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 An instant later I was unwilling. Some part of me treasured
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the privacy that not even Dorcas had entered. Deep inside
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the convolutions of my mind, in the embrace of\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  the molecules, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Thecla and I were twined together. For others\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dozen or a thousand, perhaps, if in absorbing the personality
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the Autarch I was also to absorb those he had incorporated 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 into himself\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 to come 'where we lay would be for the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 crowds of the \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bazaar to enter a bower. I clasped my heart's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 companion to me, and felt myself clasped. I felt myself
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 clasped, and clasped my heart's companion to me.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The moon dimmed as a dark lantern does when one
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 presses the lever that makes its plates iris closed unti\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 l there
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 remains no more than a point of light, then nothing. The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ascian evzones fired their jezails in a lattice of lilac and heliotrope, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 beams that diverged high in the atmosphere and at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 last pricked the clouds like coloured pins; but without effect.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 T\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 here was a wind, hot and sudden, and what I can only call a
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 flash of black. Then the Autarch was gone, and something
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 huge rushed toward me. I threw myself down.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Perhaps I struck the ground, but I do not remember it. In
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 an instant, it seemed, I was swooping\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  through the air, turning 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 climbing surely, the world below no more than a darker
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 night An emaciated hand, hard as stone and three time!
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 human size, clutched me about the waist.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 We ducked, turned, lurched, slipped sidewise down a slope
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of air, then, catch\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ing a rising wind, climbed till the cold stung
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and stiffened my skin. When I craned my neck to look upward, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I could see the white, inhuman jaws of the creature
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that bore me. It was the nightmare I had known months
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 earlier when I had shared Baldanders's be\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d, though in my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dream I had ridden the thing's back. Why that difference
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 between dream and truth should be, I cannot say. I cried out
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 (I do not know what) and above me the thing opened its
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 scimitar beak to hiss.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 From above, too, I heard a woman's voice ca\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ll, "Now I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have repaid you for the mine\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 you are still alive."
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 XXVI
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Above the Jungle}{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 WE LANDED BY STARLIGHT. It was like awakening; I felt that it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was not the sky but the country of nightmare I was leaving
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 behind. Like a falling leaf, the immense cr\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eature settled in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 narrowing circles through regions of progressively warmer air
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 until I could smell the odour of the Jungle Garden: the mingling 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of green life and rotting wood with the perfume of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wide, waxen, unnamed blossoms.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 A ziggurat lifted its dark\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  head above the trees\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 yet carried
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the trees with it, for they sprouted from its crumbling walls
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 like fungi from a dead tree. We settled on it weightlessly,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and at once there came torches and excited voices. I was still
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 faint from the thin and icy air I had\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  been breathing only
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 moments before.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Human hands replaced the claws that had grasped me for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 so long. We wound down ledges and stairways of broken
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stone until at last I stood before a fire and saw across it the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 handsome, unsmiling face of Vodalus and the \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 heart-shaped
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 one of his consort, Thea, our half sister.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Who is this?" Vodalus asked.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I tried to lift my arms, but they were held. "Liege," I said,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "you must know me."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 From behind me, the voice I had heard in the air answered, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "This is the man of the p\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rice, the killer of my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 brother. For him, I\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 and Hethor, who serves me\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 have served
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 you.\'94\loch\f2        
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Then why do you bring him to me?" Vodalus asked. "He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 is yours. Did you think that when I had seen him, I would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 repent of our agreement?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Perhaps I was stronge\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 r than I felt myself to be. Perhaps I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 only caught the man on my right off-balance; however it was,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I succeeded in twisting about, jerking him into the fire, where
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 his feet sent the red brands flying.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Agia stood behind me, naked to the waist, and Hethor
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 be\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hind her, showing all his rotten teeth as he cupped her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 breasts. I fought to escape. She slapped me with an open
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hand\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  there was a pull at my cheek, tearing pain, then the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 warm rush of blood.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Sitter then, I have learned that the weapon is called a }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lucive\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 , 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and that Agia had it because Vodalus had forbidden
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 any but his own bodyguard to carry arms in his presence. It is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 no more than a small bar with rings for the thumb and fourth
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 finger, and four or five curved blades that can be concealed in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the palm; but\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  few have survived its blow.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I was one of those few, and rose after two days to find
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 myself shut in a bare room. Perhaps in each life one room
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 must become better known than any other: for prisoners, it is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 always a cell. I, who had worked outside so many, \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thrusting in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 trays of food to the disfigured and demented, now knew
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 again a cell of my own. What the ziggurat had once been, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 never guessed. Perhaps a prison indeed; perhaps a temple, or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the atelier of some forgotten art. My cell was about twice the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 size \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the one I had occupied beneath the tower of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 torturers, six paces wide and ten long. A door of ancient,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gleaming alloy stood against the wall, useless to Vodalus's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 jailers because they could not lock it; a new one, roughly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 made of the ironlike timber\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s of some jungle tree, closed the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 doorway. A window I believe had never been meant for one,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a circular opening hardly bigger than my arm, pierced the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 discoloured wall high up and gave light to the cell.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Three days more passed before I was strong enough t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 o
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 jump and, gripping its lower edge with one hand, pull myself
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 up to look out. When that day came, I saw a rolling green
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 country dotted with butterflies\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 a place so foreign to what I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had expected that I felt I might be mad and lost my hold
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 upon the window i\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 n my astonishment. It was, as I eventually
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 realized, the country of treetops, where ten-chain hardwoods
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 spread a lawn of leaves, seldom seen save by the birds.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 An old man with a knowledgeable, evil face had bandaged
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my cheek and changed the dressings on \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my leg. Later he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 brought a lad of about thirteen whose bloodstream he linked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with mine until the boy's lips fumed the hue of lead. I asked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the old leech where he came from, and he, apparently thinking 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me a native of these parts, said, "From the big city i\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 n the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 south, in the valley of the river that drains the cold lands. It
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 is a longer river than yours, is the Gyoll, though its flood is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not so fierce."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You have great skill," I said. "I've never heard of a physician 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 who did as much. I feel well already, a\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nd wish you would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stop before this boy dies."
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The old man pinched his cheek. "He'll recover quickly\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 in
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 time to warm my bed tonight. At his age they always do.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Nay, it's not what you think. I only sleep beside him because
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the night-breath of the young acts\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  as a restorative to those of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my years. Youth, you see, is a disease, and we may hope to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 catch a mild case. How stands your wound?"
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 There was nothing\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 not even an admission, which might
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have been rooted in some perverse desire to maintain an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 appearance of \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 potency\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 that could have convinced me so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 completely as his denial. I told him the truth, that my right
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cheek was numb save for a vague burning as irritating as an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 itch, and wondered which of his duties the miserable boy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 minded most.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The old man stripped aw\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ay my bandages and gave my
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wounds a second coating of the foul-smelling brown salve he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had used previously. "I'll be back tomorrow," he told me.
\par \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 Although I don't think you\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 ll need Mamas here again.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 You\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 re coming along nicely. Her exultancy" (with a jerk o\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 f
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the head to show this was an ironical reference to Agia's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stature) "will be most pleased."
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I said, in what I sought to make an offhand way, that I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hoped all his patients were doing as well.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 You mean the delator who was brought in with you? He\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as well\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  as can be expected." He turned aside as he spoke, so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that I would not see his frightened expression.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 On the chance that I might gain influence with him that
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would enable me to aid the Autarch, I praised his understanding 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of his craft extravagantly and en\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ded by saying that I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 failed to comprehend why a physician of his ability consorted
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with these wicked people.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He looked at me narrowly, and his face grew serious. "For
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 knowledge. There is nowhere a man in my profession can
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 learn as I learn here."
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You mea\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 n the eating of the dead? I have shared in that
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 too, though they may not have told you so."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 No, no. Learned men\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 parrticularly those of my profession\hich\f2 \emdash 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 practice that everywhere, and usually with better effect,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 since we are more selective of our subjects and \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 confine ourselves 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to the most retentive tissues. The knowledge I seek
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cannot be learned in that way, since none of the recently
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dead possessed it, and perhaps no one has ever possessed it."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He was leaning against the wall now, and seemed to be
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 speaking as\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  much to some invisible presence as to me. "The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pasts sterile science led to nothing but the exhaustion of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the planet and the destruction of its races. It was founded in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the mere desire to exploit the gross energies and material
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 substances of the universe,\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  without regard to their attractions, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 antipathies, and eventual destinies. Look?" He thrust
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 his hand into the beam of sunshine that was then issuing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from my high, circular window. "Here is light. You will say
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that it is not a living entity, but you miss t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he point that it is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 more, not less. Without occupying space, it fills the universe.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 It nourishes everything, yet itself feeds upon destruction. We
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 claim to control it, but does it not perhaps cultivate us as a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 source of food? May it not be that all wood gr\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ows so that it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 can be set ablaze, and that men and women are born to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 kindle fires? Is it not possible that our claim to master light is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as absurd as wheats claiming to master us because we prepare 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the soil for it and attend its intercourse with Urth?"  
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "All that is well said," I told him. "But nothing to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 point. Why do you serve Vodalus?"                      
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Such knowledge is not gained without experiment" He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 smiled as he spoke, and touched the shoulder of the boy, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had a vision of children \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in flames. I hope that I was wrong.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 That had been two days before I pulled myself up to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 window. The old leech did not come again; whether he had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fallen from favour, or been dispatched to another place, or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had merely decided no further attentions were\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  necessary, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had no way of knowing.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Agia came once, and standing between two of Vodalus's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 armed women spat in my face as she described the torments
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 she and Hethor had contrived for me when I was strong
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 enough to endure them. When she finished, I told her\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  quite
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 truthfully that I had spent most of my life assisting at operations 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 more terrible, and advised her to obtain trained assistance, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at which she went away.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Thereafter for the better part of several days I was left
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 alone. Each time I woke, I felt myse\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lf almost a different
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 person, for in that solitude the isolation of my thoughts in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the dark intervals of sleep was nearly sufficient to deprive me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of my sense of personality. Yet all these Severians and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Theclas sought freedom.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The retreat into memory was e\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 asy; we made it often, reliving 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 those idyllic days when Dorcas and I had journeyed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 toward Thrax, the games played in the hedge-walled maze
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 behind my father's villa and in the Old Yard, the long walk
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 down the Adamnian Steps that Agia and I had taken before\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 knew her for my enemy.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 But often too, I left memory and forced myself to think,
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sometimes limping up and down, sometimes only waiting for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 insects to enter the window so that I might for my amusement 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pluck them from the air. I planned escape, though un\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 til 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my circumstances altered there seemed no possibility of it;
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I pondered passages from the brown book and sought to
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 match them to my own experiences in order to produce, insofar 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as possible, some general theory of human action that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would be of benefit \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to me should I ever free myself.    
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 For if the leech, who was an elderly man, could still pursue
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 knowledge despite the certainty of imminent death, could
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not I whose death appeared more imminent still, take some
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 comfort in the surety that it was less cert\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ain?
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Thus I sifted the actions of the magicians, and of the man
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 who had accosted me outside the jacal of the sick girl, and of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 many other men and women I had known, seeking for a key
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that would unlock all hearts.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I found none that could be expressed in f\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ew words: "Men
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 and women do as they do because of thus and so...\'94\loch\f2  None
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the ragged bits of metal fit\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 the desire for power, the lust
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of love, "the need for reassurance, or the taste for seasoning
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 life with romance. But I did find one principle, which I ca\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to call that of Primitivity, that I believe is widely applicable,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and which, if it does not initiate action, at least seems to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 influence the forms that action takes. I might state it this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 way: }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Because the prehistoric cultures endured for so many
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 chiliad\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s, they have shaped our heritage in such a way as to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cause us to behave as if their conditions obtained today.
\par }{\dbch\af23 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 For example, the technology that once might have permitted 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Baldanders to observe all the actions of the hetman of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the lakeside village has been\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  dust now for thousands of years;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but during the eons of its existence, it laid upon him a spell,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as it were, by which it remained effective though no longer
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 extant.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 In the same way, we all have in us the ghosts of long-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 vanished things, of fallen cities\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  and marvellous machines. The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 story I once read to Jonas when we were imprisoned (with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 how much less anxiety and how much more companionship)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 showed that clearly, and I read it over again in the ziggurat
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The author, having need for some sea-born fiend like\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  Erebus
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 or Abaia, in a mythical setting, gave it a head like a ship\hich\f2 \emdash 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 which was the whole of its visible body, the remainder being
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 underwater\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 so that it was removed from protoplasmic reality 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and became the machine that the rhythms of his mind
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 demanded.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 W\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hile I amused myself with these speculations, I became
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 increasingly aware of the impermanent nature of Vodalus's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 occupation of the ancient building. Though the leech came
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 no more, as I have said, and Agia never visited me again, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 frequently heard the soun\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d of running feet in the corridor
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 outside my door and occasionally a few shouted words.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Whenever such sounds came, I put my unbandaged ear to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the planks; and in fact I often anticipated them, sitting that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 way for long periods in the hope of overhearing so\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me snatch
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of conversation that would tell me something of Vodalus's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 plans. I could not help but think then, as I listened in vain,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the hundreds in our oubliette who must have listened to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me when I carried their food to Drotte, and how they must
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have str\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ained to overhear the fragments of conversation that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 drifted from Thecla's cell into the corridor, and thus into
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 their own cells, when I visited her.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 And what of the dead? I own that I thought of myself, at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 times, almost as dead. Are they not locked below\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  ground in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 chambers smaller than mine was, in their millions of mil-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lions? There is no category of human activity in which the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dead do not outnumber the living many times over. Most
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 beautiful children are dead. Most soldiers, most cowards.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The fairest wom\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 en and the most learned men\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 all are dead.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Their repose in caskets, in sarcophagi, beneath arches
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Of rude stone, everywhere under the earth. Their spirits
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it our minds, ears pressed to the bones of our foreheads.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Who can say how intently they listen as we s\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 peak, or for what
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 word?
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 XXVII
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Before Vodalus}{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ON THE MORNING of the sixth day, two women came for me. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had slept very little the night before. One of the blood bats
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 common in those northern jungles had entered my room by
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the window, and though I ha\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d succeeded in driving it out
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and staunching the blood, it had returned again and again,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 attracted, I suppose, by the odour of my wounds. Even now I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cannot see the vague green darkness that is diffused moon-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 light without imagining I see the bat crawling t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 here like a big
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 spider, then springing into the air.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The women were as surprised to find me awake as I was to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 see them; it was just dawn. They made me stand, and one
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bound my hands while the other held her dirk to my throat.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 She asked how my cheek was he\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 aling, however, and added
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that she had been told I was a handsome fellow when I was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 brought in.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I was almost as near to death then as I am now," I said to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 her. The truth was that though the concussion I had suffered
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 when the flier crashed had healed, my \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 leg, as well as my face,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was still, giving me considerable pain.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The women brought me to Vodalus; not, as I had more or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 less expected, somewhere in the ziggurat or on the ledge
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 where he had sat in state with Thea, but in a clearing em-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 braced on three sid\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 es by slow green water. It was a moment
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 or two\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 I had to stand waiting while some other business was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 conducted\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 before I realized that the course of this river was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fundamentally to the north and east, and that I had never
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seen northeastward-flowing water bef\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ore; all streams, in my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 previous experience, ran south or southwest to join south-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 western flowing Gyoll.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 At last Vodalus inclined his head toward me, and I was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 brought forward. When he saw that I could scarcely stand,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he ordered my guards to seat me at \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 his feet, then waved them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 back out of hearing distance. "Your entrance is somewhat
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 less impressive than that you made in the forest beyond
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Nessus," he said.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I agreed. "But, Liege, I come now, as I did then, as your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Servant. Just as I was the first time yo\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 u met me, when I saved
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 your neck from the axe. If I appear before you in bloody rags
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and with bound hands, it is because you treat your servants
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 so.\'94
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Certainly I would agree that securing your wrists seems a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 trifle excessive in your condition." He smiled\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  faintly. "Is it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 painful?\'94
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "No. The feeling is gone."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Still, the cords aren't needed." Vodalus stood and drew a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 slender blade, and leaning over me, flicked my bonds with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the point.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I flexed my shoulders and the last strands parted. A thousand 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 needles\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  seemed to pierce my hands.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 When he had taken his seat again, Vodalus asked if I were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not going to thank him.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You never thanked me. Liege. You gave me a coin instead. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I think I have one here somewhere." I fumbled in my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sabretache for the money I had be\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 en paid by Guasacht.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You may keep your coin. I'm going to ask you for much
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 more than that. Are you ready to tell me who you are?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 ve always been ready to do that. Liege. I'm Severian,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 formerly a journeyman of the guild of torturers."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "But are you not\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hing else besides a former journeyman of
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that guild?"
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 No."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Vodalus sighed and smiled, then leaned back in his chair
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and sighed again. "My servant Hildegrin always insisted you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 were important. When I asked him why, he had any number
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of speculations, none \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of which I found convincing. I thought
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he was trying to get silver from me for a little easy spying. Yet
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he was right."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I have only been important once to you. Liege."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Each time we meet, you remind me that you saved my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 life once. Did you know that Hild\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 egrin once saved yours? It
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was he who shouted 'Run!' to your opponent when you dueled 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in the city. You had fallen, and he might have stabbed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Is Agia here?" I asked. "She'll try to kill you if she hears
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "No one can hear you but myself. You m\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ay tell her later, if
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you like. She will never believe you."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You can't be sure of that."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He smiled more broadly. "Very well, I'll turn you over to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 her. You can then test your theory against mine."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "As you wish."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He brushed my acquiescence aside with \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 an elegant motion
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of one hand. "You think you can stalemate me with your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 willingness to die. Actually you're offering me an easy exit
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from a dilemma. Your Agia came to me with a very valuable
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thaumaturgist in her train, and asked as the price of his ser-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 v\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ice and her own only that you, Severian of the Order of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Seekers for Truth and Penitence, should be put into her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hands. Now you say you are that Severian the Torturer and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 no one else, and it is with great embarrassment that I resist
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 her demands."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "And \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 whom do you wish me to be?" I asked.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I have, or I should say I had, a most excellent servant in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the House Absolute. You know him, of course, since it was to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 him that you gave my message." Vodalus paused and smiled
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 again. "A week or so ago we received one\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  from him. It was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not to be sure, openly addressed to me, but I had seen to it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not long before that he was aware of our location, and we
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 were not far from him. Do you know what he said?"
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I shook my head.
\par \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 That\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s odd, because you must have been with him at \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 time. He said he was in a wrecked flier\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 and that the Autarch
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was on the flier with him. He would have been an idiot to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have sent such a message in the ordinary course of things,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 because he gave his location\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 and he was behind our lines, as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he must have \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 known."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 You are a part of the Ascian army, then?"
\par \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 We serve them in certain scouting capacities, yes. I see
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you are troubled by the knowledge that Agia and the thaumaturgist 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 killed a few of their soldiers to take you. You need
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not be. Their masters value\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  them even less than I do, and it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 was not the time for negotiation.\'94
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 But they did not capture the Autarch." I am not a good
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 liar, but I was too exhausted, I think, for Vodalus to read my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 face easily.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He leaned forward, and for a moment his eyes glowed a\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 though candles burned in their depths. "He was there, then.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 How wonderful. You have seen him. You have ridden in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 royal flier with him."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I nodded once more.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You see, ridiculous though it sounds, I feared you were
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he. One never knows. An Autarch dies \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and another takes his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 place, and the new Autarch may be there for half a century
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 or a fortnight. There were three of you then? No more?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "No."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 What did the Autarch look like?-Let me have every detail."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I did as he asked, describing Dr. Talos as he had app\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eared
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in the part.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Did he escape both the thaumaturgists creatures and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ascians? Or do the Ascians have him? Perhaps the woman
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 and her paramour are holding him for themselves.\'94
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I told you the Ascians did not take him."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Vodalus smiled again, but bene\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ath his glowing eyes his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 twisted mouth suggested only pain. "You see," he repeated,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "for a time I thought you might be the one. We have my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 servant, but he has suffered a head injury and is never conscious 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 for more than a few moments. He will die very shor\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tly,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I'm afraid. But he has always told me the truth, and Agia says
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that you were the only one with him."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You think that I am the Autarch? No."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Yet you are changed from the man I met before."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You yourself gave me the alzabo, and the life of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Chate\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 laine Thecla. I loved her. Did you think that to thus
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ingest her essence would leave me unaffected? She is with me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 always, so that I am two, in this single body. Yet I am not the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Autarch, who in one body is a thousand."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Vodalus answered nothing, but half\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  closed his eyes as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 though he were afraid I would see their 6re. There was no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sound but the lapping of the river water and the much-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 muted voices of the little knot of armed men and women,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 who talked among themselves a hundred paces off and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 glanced from ti\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me to time at us. A macaw shrieked, fluttering
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from one tree to another.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I would still serve you," I told Vodalus, "if you would
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 permit it." I was not certain it was a lie until the words had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 left my lips, and then I was bewildered in mind, seeking to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 un\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 derstand how those words, which would have been true in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the past for Thecla and for Severian too, were now false for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 " 'The Autarch, who in one body is a thousand,' " Vodalus
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 quoted me. "That is correct, but how few of us know it."
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 XXVIII
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 On the M\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 arch}{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 TODAY, THIS BEING the last before I am to leave the House
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Absolute, I participated in a solemn religious ceremony. Such
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rituals are divided into seven orders according to their importance, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 or as the heptarchs say, their "transcendence\'94\loch\f2  \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 something 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I was quite ignorant of at the time of which I was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 writing a moment ago. At the lowest level, that of Aspiration, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 are the private pieties, including prayers pronounced
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 privately, the casting of a stone upon a cairn, and so forth.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The gatherings and publi\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 c petitionings that I, as a boy,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thought constituted the whole of organized religion, are actually 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at the second level, which is that of Integration. What
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we did today belonged to the seventh and highest, the level
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of Assimilation.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 In accordance with the\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  principle of circularity, most of the
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 accretions gathered in the progression through the first six
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 were now dispensed with. There was no music, and the rich
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 vestments of Assurance were replaced by starched robes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 whose sculptural folds gave all of us somet\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hing of the air of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 icons. It is no longer possible for us to carry out the ceremony, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as once we did, wrapped in the shining belt of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 galaxy; but to achieve the effect as nearly as possible, Urth\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 attractive field was excluded from the basilica. It was\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  a novel
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sensation for me, and though I was unafraid, I was reminds
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 again of that night I spent among the mountains when I felt
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 myself on the point of falling off the world\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 something I will
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 undergo in sober earnest tomorrow. At times the ceiling
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seemed a f\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 loor, or (what was to me far mote disturbing) a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wall became the ceiling, so that one looked upward through
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 its open windows to see a mountainside of grass that lifted
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 itself forever into the sky. Startling as it was, this vision was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 no less true than that \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we commonly see.                  I
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Each of us became a sun; the circling, ivory skulls were our
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 planets. I said we had dispensed with music, yet that was not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 entirely true, for as they swung about us there came a faint,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sweet humming and whistling, caus\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ed by the flow of air
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 through their eye sockets and teeth; those in nearly circular
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 orbits maintained an almost steady note, varying only slightly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as they rotated on their axes; the songs of those in elliptical
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 orbits waxed and waned, rising as they approa\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ched me, sinking 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to a moan as they receded.                            
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 How foolish we are to see in those hollow eyes and marble 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 calottes only death. How many friends are among them! The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 brown, book, which I carried so far, the only one of the possess\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ions 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I took from the Matachin Tower that still remains
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with me, was sewn and printed and composed by men and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 women with those bony faces; and we, engulfed by their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 voices, now on behalf of those who are the past, offered ourselves 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and the present to the \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fulgurant light of the New Sun.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Yet at that moment, surrounded by the most meaningful
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and magnificent symbolism, I could not but think how different 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the actuality had been when we had left the ziggurat on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the day after my interview with Vodalus and had \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 marched (I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 under the guard of six women, who were sometimes forced to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 carry me) for what must have been a week or more through
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pestilential jungle. I did not know\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 and still do not know\hich\f2 \emdash 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 whether we were fleeing the armies of the Commonwealth or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ascians who \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had been Vodalus's allies. Perhaps we were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 merely seeking to rejoin the major part of the insurgent
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 force. My guards complained of the moisture that dripped
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from the trees to eat at their weapons and armour like acid,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and of suffocating heat; I felt nothin\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 g of either. I remember
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 looking down once at my thigh and noticing with surprise
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that the flesh had fallen away so that the muscles there stood
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 out like cords and I could see the sliding parts of my knee as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 one sees the wheels and shafts of a mill.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  The o\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ld leech was with us, and now visited me two or three
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 times each day. At first he tried to keep dry bandages on my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 face when he saw the effort was futile, he removed them all
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and contented himself with plastering the wounds there with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 salve. After that, so\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me of my women guards refused to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 look at me, and if they had reason to speak to me did so with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 downcast eyes. Others seemed to take pride in their ability to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 confront my torn face, standing straddle-legged (a pose they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 appeared to consider warlike) and res\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ting their left hands
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 upon the hilts of their weapons with studied casualness.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I talked with them as often as I could. Not because I
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 desired them\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 the illness that had come with my wounds had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 taken all such desire from me\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 but because in the midst of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the st\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 raggling column I was lonely in a way I had never been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 when I was alone in the war-torn north or even when I had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been locked in my ancient, mould-streaked cell in the ziggurat,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and because in some absurd corner of my mind I still hoped
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to escape. I questio\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ned them about every subject of which
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 they might conceivably have knowledge, and I was endlessly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 amazed to find how few were the points on which our minds
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 coincided. Not one of the six had joined Vodalus because of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 an appreciation of the difference between\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  the restoration of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 progress he sought to represent and the stagnation of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Commonwealth. Three had merely followed some man into
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the ranks; two had come in the hope of gaining revenge for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 some personal injustice/and one because she had been fleeing 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fro\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 m a detested stepfather. All but the last now wished
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 they had not joined. None knew with any precision where we
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had been or had the slightest idea where we were going. 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 For guides our column had three savages: a pair of young
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 men who might have been broth\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ers or even twins, and a 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 much older one, twisted, I thought, by deformities as well as 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 age, who perpetually wore a grotesque mask. Though the first
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 two were younger and the third much older, all three of them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 recalled to me the naked man I had once seen \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in the Jungle 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Garden. They were as naked as he and had the same dark,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 metallic-looking skin and straight hair. The younger two carried 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cerbotanas longer than their outstretched arms and dart 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bags hand-knotted of wild cotton and dyed a burnt umber,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 doubt\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 less with the juice of some plant. The old man had a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 staff as crooked as himself, topped with the dried head of a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 monkey.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 A covered palanquin whose place in the column was considerably 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 more advanced than my own bore the Autarch,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 whom my leech gave me to\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  understand was still alive; and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 one night when my guards were chattering among themselves 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and I sat crouched over our little fire, I saw the old
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 guide (his bent figure and the impression of an immense head
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 conferred by his mask were unmistakable) approac\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 h this palanquin 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and slip beneath it. Some time passed before he scuttled away. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 This old man was said to be an }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 uturuncu}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 , a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shaman capable of assuming the form of a tiger.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Within a few days of our leaving the ziggurat, without
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 encountering anything that\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  might be called a road or even a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 path, we struck a trail of corpses. They were Ascians, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 they had been stripped of their clothing and equipment, so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that their starved bodies seemed to have dropped from the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 air to the places where they lay. To me, they \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 appeared to be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 about a week dead; but no doubt decay had been accelerated
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 by the dampness and heat, and the actual time was much
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 less. The cause of death was seldom apparent.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Until then we had seen few animals larger than the grotesque 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 beetles that buz\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 zed about our fires by night. Such
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 birds as called from the treetops remained largely invisible,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and if the blood-bats visited us, their inky wings were lost in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the smothering dark. Now we moved, as it seemed, through
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 an army of beasts drawn to the corpse \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 trail as flies are to a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dead sumpter. Hardly a watch passed without our hearing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the sound of bones crushed by great jaws, and by night green
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and scarlet eyes, some of them two spans apart, shone outside
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 our little circles of firelight. Though it was prepos\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 terous to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 suppose these carrion-gorged predators would molest us, my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 guards doubled their sentries; those who slept did so in their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 corslets, with curtelaxes in their hands.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 With each new day the bodies were fresher, until at last
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not all were dead. A mad\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 woman with cropped hair and staring 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eyes stumbled into the column just ahead of our party,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shouted words no one could understand, and fled among the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 trees. We heard cries for help, screams, and ravings, but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Vodalus permitted no one to turn aside, and on t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he afternoon 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of that day we plunged\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 much in the same sense
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we might earlier have been said to have plunged into the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 jungle\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 into the Ascian horde.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Our column consisted of the women and supplies, Vodalus
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 himself and his household, and a few of his aides wi\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 th their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 retinues. In all it surely amounted to no more than a fifth of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 his force; but if every insurgent he could have called to his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 banner had been there, and every fighter become a hundred,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 they would still have been among that multitude as a cupful
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 water in Gyoll.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Those we encountered first were infantry. I recalled that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the Autarch had told me their weapons were kept from them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 until the time of battle; but if it were so, their officers must
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have thought that time to be at hand, or nearly. I saw tho\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 u-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sands armed with the ransieur, so that at length I came to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 believe that all their infantry was equipped in that way; then,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as night was falling, we overtook thousands more carrying
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 demilunes.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Because we marched faster than they, we moved more
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 deeply i\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nto their force; but we camped sooner than they (if
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 they camped at all) and all that night, until at last I fell
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 asleep, I heard their hoarse cries and the shuffling of their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 feet. In the morning we were again among their dead and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dying, and it was a watch\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  or more before we overtook the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stumbling ranks.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 These Ascian soldiers had a rigidity, a will-less attachment
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to order, that I have never seen elsewhere, and that appeared
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to me to have no roots in either spirit or discipline as I understand 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 them. They \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seemed to obey because they could not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 conceive of any other course of action. Our soldiers nearly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 always carry several arms\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 at the very least an energy weapon
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and a long knife (among the schiavoni I was exceptional in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not possessing such a knife in additio\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 n to my falchion). But I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 never saw an Ascian with more than one, and most of their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 officers bore no weapon at all, as if they regarded actual fighting 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with contempt.
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 XXIX
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Autarch of the Commonwealth
\par }{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 BY THE MIDDLE of the day, we had again passed all\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  those
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 whom we had passed the afternoon before and came upon
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the baggage train. I think all of us were amazed to discover
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that the enormous force we had seen was no more than the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rear guard of an army inconceivably greater.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Ascians used uintathers an\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d platybelodons as beasts of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 burden. Mixed with them were machines with six legs, machines 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 apparently built to serve that purpose. So far as I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 could see, the drivers made no distinction between these devices 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and the animals; if a beast lay down and could\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  not be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 made to rise again, or a machine fell and did not right itself,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 its load was distributed among those nearest to hand, and it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was abandoned. There appeared to be no effort to slaughter
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the beasts for their meat or to repair or take parts from the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ma\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 chines.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Late in the afternoon some great excitement passed down
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 our column, though neither I nor my guards could discover
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 what it- was. Vodalus himself and several of his lieutenants
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 came hurrying by, and afterward there was much coming and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 going between\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  the end of the column and its head. When
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dark came we did not camp, but continued to tramp through
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the night with the Ascians. Torches were passed back to us,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and since I had no weapons to carry and was somewhat
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stronger than I had been, I carried them, f\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eeling almost as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 though I commanded the six swords who surrounded me.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 About midnight, as nearly as I could judge, we halted. My
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 guards found sticks for a fire, which we kindled from a torch.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Just as we were about to lie down, I saw a messenger rouse
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 palanquin bearers ahead of us and send them blundering
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 forward in the dark. They were no sooner gone than he loped
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 back to us and held a quick, whispered conversation with the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sergeant of my guards. At once my hands were bound (as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 they had not been since V\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 odalus had cut them free) and we
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 were hurrying after the palanquin. We passed the head of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the column, marked by the Chatelaine Thea's little pavilion,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 without pausing, and were soon wandering among the myriad
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ascian soldiers of the main body.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Their headq\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 uarters was a dome of metal. I suppose it must
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have folded or collapsed in some way as a tent does, but it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 appeared as permanent and solid as any building, black externally 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but glowing with a sourceless, pale light within when
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the side opened to admit us.\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  Vodalus was there. Stiff and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 deferential; beside him the palanquin stood with its curtains
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 opened to show the immobile body of the Autarch. At the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 centre of the dome, three women sat around a low table.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Neither then nor later did they look at Vodalus, or \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the Au-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tarch in his palanquin, or at me when I was brought forward,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 save for an occasional glance. There were stacks of papers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 before them, but they did not look at those at all\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 only at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 one another. In appearance they were much like the other
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ascians I ha\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d seen, save that their eyes were saner and they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 were less starved looking.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Here he is," Vodalus said. "Now you see them both before 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 One of the Ascians spoke to the other two in their own
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tongue. Both nodded and the one who had spoken said,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Onl\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 y he who acts against the populace need hide his face."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 There was a lengthy pause, then Vodalus hissed at me,
\par \tab \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 Answer her?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Answer what? There has been no question."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Ascian said, "Who is the friend of the populace? He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 who aids the populace. Who is\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  the enemy of the populace?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Speaking very rapidly, Vodalus asked, "To the best of your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 knowledge are you, or is this unconscious man here, the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 leader of the peoples of the southern half of this hemisphere?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "No," I said. It was an easy lie, since from w\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hat I had seen,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the Autarch was the leader of very few in the Commonwealth. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 To Vodalus I added under my breath, "What kind
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 foolishness is this? Do they believe I would tell them if I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 were the Autarch?\'94
\par \tab \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 All we say is being transmitted to the north."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 One\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  of the Ascians who had not spoken previously spoke
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 now. Once she gestured in our direction. When she was finished, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 all three sat deathly still. I had the impression that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 they heard some voice inaudible to me, and that they did not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dare move while it spok\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e; but that may have been mere imagination 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 on my part. Vodalus fidgeted, I shifted my position
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to put a little less weight on my injured leg, and the Autarch\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 narrow chest heaved to the unsteady rhythm of his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 breathing, but the three of them remained as \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 immobile as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 figures in a painting.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 At last the one who had spoken first said, "All persons
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 belong to the populace." At that the others seemed to relax.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 "This man is ill," Vodalus said, looking toward the Autarch,\'94\loch\f2  
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and he has been a useful servant to me,\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  though I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 suppose his usefulness is now ended. The other I have promised 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to one of my followers."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "The merit of sacrifice falls on him who without thought
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to his own convenience offers what he has toward the service
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the populace." The Ascian woman's to\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ne made it clear
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that no further argument was possible.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Vodalus looked toward me and shrugged, then turned on
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 his heel and strode out of the dome. Almost at once a file of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ascian officers entered carrying lashes.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 We were imprisoned in an Ascian tent per\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 haps twice the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 size of my cell in the ziggurat. There was a fire there but no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bedding, and the officers who had carried in the Autarch had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 merely dropped him on the ground beside it. After working
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my hands free, I tried to make him comfortable, turning him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 over on his back as he had been in the palanquin and arranging 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 his arms at his sides.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 About us the army lay quiet, or at least as quiet as an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ascian army ever is. From time to time someone far off cried
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 out\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 in sleep, it seemed\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 but for the most part ther\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e was no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sound but the slow pacing of the sentries outside. I cannot
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 express the horror that the thought of going north to Ascia
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 evoked in me then. To see only the Ascians\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  wild, starved
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 faces and to encounter myself, no doubt for the remainder of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my life,\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  whatever it was that had driven them mad, seemed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to me a more horrible fate than any the clients in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Matachin Tower were ever forced to endure. I tried to lift
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the skirt of the tent, thinking that the sentries could do nothing 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 worse than take my life;\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  but the edges were welded to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ground by some means I did not understand. All four walls
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 were of a slick, tough substance I could not tear, and Miles's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 razor had been taken from me by my six female guards. I was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 about to rush out the door when the Autar\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ch's well-remembered 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 voice whispered, "Wait." I dropped to my knees beside 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 him, suddenly afraid we would be overheard.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I thought you were\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 sleeping."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I suppose I have been in a coma most of the time. But
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 when I was not, I feigned, so Vodalus would no\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t question
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me. Are you going to escape?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Not without you, Sieur. Not now. I had given you up for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dead."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You were not far wrong ... certainly not by so much as a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 day. Yes, I think that is best, you must escape. Father Inire is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with the insurgents. He wa\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s to bring you what is necessary,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 then help you get away. But we are no longer there ... are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we? He may not be able to aid you. Open my robe. What
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you first require is thrust into my waistband."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I did as he asked; the flesh my fingers brushed was as cold
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as a corpse's. Near his left hip I saw a hilt of silvery metal no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thicker than a woman's finger. I drew the weapon forth; the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mace was not half a span in length, but thick and strong, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of that deadly sharpness I had not felt since Baldanders's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mace had\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  shattered Terminus Est
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You must not go yet," the Autarch whispered.
\par \tab \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 I will not leave you while you live," I said. "Do you doubt
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "We will both live, and both go. You know the abomination
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "His hand dosed on mine. "The eating of the dead,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to devour\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  their dead lives. But there is another way you do
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not know, and another drug. You must take it, and swallow
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the living cells of my forebrain."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I must have drawn away, for his hand gripped my own
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 harder.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "When you lie with a woman, you thrust your life i\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nto
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hers so that perhaps there will be new life. When you do as I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have commanded you, my life and the lives of all those who
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 live in me will be continued in you. The cells will enter your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 own nervous system and multiply there. The drug is in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 vial I wea\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 r at my neck, and that blade will split the bones of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my skull like pine. I have had occasion to use it, and I promise 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it Do you recall how you swore to serve me when I shut
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the book? Use the knife now, and go as quickly as you can."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I nodded and promised\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  I would.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "The drug will be stronger than any you have known, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 though all but mine will be faint, there will be hundreds of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 personalities. . . . We are many lives."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I understand," I said.
\par \tab \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 The Ascians march at dawn. Can there be more than a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 single w\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 atch remaining of the night?"
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I hope that you will live it out, Sieur, and many more.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 That you'll recover."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You must kill me now, before Urth turns to face the sun.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Then I will live in you . . . never die, I live by mere volition 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 now. I am relinquishin\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 g my life as I speak."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 To my utter surprise, my eyes were streaming with tears.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I've hated you since I was a boy, Sieur. I've done you no 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 harm, but I would have harmed you if I could, and now I'm
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sorry."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 His voice had faded until it was softer than th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e chirping of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a cricket. "You were right to hate me, Severian. I stand ... as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you will stand .. .for so much that is wrong."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Why?" I asked. "Why?" I was on my knees beside him.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Because all else is worse. Until the New Sun comes, we
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have but a choice o\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 f evils. All have been tried, and all have 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 failed. Goods in common, the rule of the people . . . everything. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 You wish for progress? The Ascians have it. They are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 deafened by it, crazed by the death of Nature till they are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ready to accept Erebus and the r\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 est as gods. We hold human
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 kind stationary ... in barbarism. The Autarch protects the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 people from the exultants, and the exultants... shelter them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from the Autarch. The religious comfort them. We have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 closed the roads to paralyse the social order. ..."    \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2       
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 His eyes fell shut. I put my hand upon his chest to feel the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 faint stirring of his heart.                                  
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Until the New Sun . .."                          
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 This was what I had sought to escape, not Agia or Vodalus
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 or the Ascian\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s. As gently as I could, I lifted the chain from 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 his neck, unstoppered the vial and swallowed the drug. Then 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with that short, stiff blade I did what had to be done.      
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 When it was over, I covered him from head to toe with his 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 own saffron robe and h\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ung the empty vial about my own
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 neck. The effect of the drug was as violent as he had warned
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me it would be. You that read this, who have never, perhaps, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 possessed more than a single consciousness, cannot know
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 what it is to have two or three, much less hu\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ndreds. They
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lived in me and were joyful, each in his own way, to find they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had new life. The dead Autarch, whose face I had seen in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 scarlet ruin a few moments before, now lived again. My eye
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and hands were his, I knew the work of the hives of the bee
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he House Absolute and the sacredness of them, who steer
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 by the sun and fetch gold of Urth's fertility. I knew his course
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to the Phoenix Throne, and to the stars, and back. His mind
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was mine and filled mine with lore whose existence I had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 never suspected an\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d with the knowledge other minds had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 brought to his. The phenomenal world seemed dim and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 vague as a picture sketched in sand over which an errant wind
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 veered and moaned. I could not have concentrated on it if I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had wished to, and I had no such wish.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The b\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lack fabric of our prison tent faded to a pale dove-
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 grey, and the angles of its top whirled like the prisms of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 kaleidoscope. I had fallen without being aware of it and lay
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 near the body of my predecessor, where my attempts to rise
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 resulted in nothing more\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  than the beating of my hands upon
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the ground.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 How long I lay there I do not know. I had wiped the
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 knife now, still, my knife\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 and concealed it as he had. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 could vividly picture a self of dozens of superposed images
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 slitting the wall and slipping out into\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  the night. Severian,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Thecla, myriad others all escaping. So real was the thought
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that I often believed I had done it; but always, when I ought
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to have been running between the trees, avoiding the exhausted
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sleepers of the army of the Ascians, I found myse\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lf
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 instead in the familiar tent, with the draped body not far
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from my own.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Hands clasped mine. I supposed that the officers had returned
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with their lashes, and tried to see and to rise so I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would not be struck. But a hundred random memories intruded
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thems\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 elves like the pictures the owner holds up to us
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in rapid succession in a cheap gallery: a footrace, the towering
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pipes of an organ, a diagram with labelled angles, a woman
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 riding in a cart.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Someone said, "Are you all right? What's happened to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you?" I fel\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t the spittle dribbling from my lips, but no words
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 came.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 XXX
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Corridors of Time}{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 SOMETHING STRUCK MY FACE a tingling blow.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "What's happened? He's dead. Are you drugged?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Yes. }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Drugged}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ." Someone else was speaking, and after a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 moment I knew who \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it was: Severian, the young torturer.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 But who was I?
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Get up. We've got to get out."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "}{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Sentry}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Sentries," the voice corrected us. "There were three of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 them. We killed them."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I was walking down a stair white as salt, down to nenuphars 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and stagnant \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 water. Beside me walked a suntanned girl
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with long and slanting eyes. Over her shoulder peered the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sculptured face of one of the eponyms. The carver had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 worked in jade; the effect was that of a face of grass.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Is he dying?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "He sees us now. See his eyes.\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I knew where I was. Soon the pitchman would thrust his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 head through the doorway of the tent to tell me to be gone.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Above ground," I said. "You told me I would see her above
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ground. But that was easy. She is here."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "We must go." The green man took my le\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ft arm and Agia
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my right, and they led me out.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 We walked a long way, just as I had envisioned myself
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 running; stepping sometimes over sleeping Ascians.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "They keep little guard," Agia whispered. "Vodalus told
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me their leaders are so well obeyed they can \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 scarcely conceive
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of treacherous attack, In the war, our soldiers surprise them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 often."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I did not understand and repeated, " *0ur soldiers . . '"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 like a child.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Hethor and I will no longer fight for them. How could
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we, after we have seen them? My busines\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s is with you."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I was beginning to find myself again, the minds that made
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 up my mind all falling into place. I had been told once that
\par }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 autarch}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  meant "self-ruler," and I glimpsed the reason that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 title had come into being. I said, "You wanted to kill me.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 No\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 w you are freeing me. You could have stabbed me." I saw
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a crooked dagger from Thrax quivering in Casdoe's shutter.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I could have killed you more readily than that. Hethor's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mirrors have given me a worm, no longer than your hand,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that glows with white fire\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 . I have only to fling it, and it kills
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and crawls back to me\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 one by one I slew the sentries so. But
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 this green man would not permit it, and I would not wish it.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Vodalus promised me your agony spread over weeks, and I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 will not have less."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You're taking m\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e back to him?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 She shook her head, and in the faint, grey dawn light that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had crept through the leaves I saw her brown curls bounce on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 her shoulders as they had when I had watched her raise the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gratings outside the rag shop. "Vodalus is dead. With the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wo\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rm at my command, do you think I would let him cheat
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me and live? They would have taken you away. Now I will let
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you go free\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 because I have some inkling of where you will.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 go\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 and in the end you will come into my hands again, as you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 did when our pteriopes t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ook you from the evzones."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You are rescuing me because you hate me then," I said,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and she nodded. Vodalus, I suppose, had hated that part of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me that had been the Autarch in the same way.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Or rather, he had hated his conception of the Autarch, for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he had \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been loyal, in so far as he was capable of it, to the real
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Autarch, whom he supposed his servant. When I had been a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 boy in the kitchens of the House Absolute, there was a cook
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 who so despised the armigers and exultants for whom he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 prepared food that, in or\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 der that he should never have to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bear the indignity of their reproaches, he did everything with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a feverish perfection. He was eventually made chief of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cooks of that wing. I thought of him, and while I did, Agia's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 touch on my arm, which had become almos\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t imperceptible as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we hastened along, vanished altogether. When I looked for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 her, she was gone; I was alone with the green man.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "How did you come to be here?" I asked him. "You nearly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lost your life in these times, and I know you cannot thrive
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 under our \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sun."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He smiled. Though his lips were green, his teeth were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 white; they gleamed in the faint light. "We are your children, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and we are not less honest than you, though we do not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 kill to eat. You gave me half your stone, the stone that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gnawed the iron and \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 set me free. What did you think I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would do when the chain no longer bound me?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I supposed you would return to your own day," I said.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The spell of the drug had faded sufficiently for me to fear our
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 talk would wake the Ascian soldiers. Yet I could see none\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 -
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 only the dark, towering boles of the jungle hardwoods.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "We requite our benefactors. I have been running up and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 down the corridors of Time, seeking for a moment in which
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you also were imprisoned, that I might free you."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 When I heard that, I did not know\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  what to say. At last I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 told him, "You cannot imagine how strange I feel now,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 knowing that someone has been searching my future, looking
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 for an opportunity to do me good. But now, now that we are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 quits, surely you understand that I did not help you because
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I believed you could help me."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You did\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 you desired my help in finding the woman who
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 just left us, the woman whom since that occasion you have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 found several times. However, you ought to know that I was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not alone: There are others questing there\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 1 shall \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 send two
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of them to you. And you and I are not yet at a balance, for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 although I found you captive here, the woman found you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 also and would have freed you without my help. So I shall see
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you again."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 As he said these words, he let go of my arm and stepped \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that direction I had never seen until I watched the ship vanish 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 into it from the top of Baldanders's castle and could only
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 see, it seemed, when there was something there. Immediately
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he turned and began to run, and despite the dimness of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dawn sky I\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  could see his running figure for a long time, illuminated 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 by intermittent but regular flashes. At last he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 faded to a point of darkness; but then, just when I expected
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that point to disappear utterly, it began to grow, so that I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had the impression of some\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thing huge rushing toward me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 down that strangely angled tunnel.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 It was not the ship I had seen but another and much
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 smaller one. Still, it was so large that when it moved at last
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 entirely info our field of consciousness, its gunwales touched
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 several of t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he thick trunks at once. The hull dilated, and a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pont, much shorter than the steps that had descended from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the Autarch's flier, slid out to touch the ground.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Down it came Master Malrubius and my dog, Triskele.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 At that moment I regained a command of my per\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sonality
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that I had not truly possessed since I had drunk alzabo with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Vodalus and eaten Thecla's flesh. It was not that Thecla was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gone (and indeed I could not wish her gone, though I knew
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that in many respects she had been a cruel and foolish
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 woman) or th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at my predecessor and the hundred minds that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had been enveloped in his had vanished. The old, simple
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 structure of my single personality was no more; but the new,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 complex structure no longer dazzled and bewildered me. It
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was a maze, but I was the owner and \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 even the builder of that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 maze, with the print of my thumb on every passageway. Malrubius 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 touched me, and then taking my wondering hand in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 his laid it gently against his own cool cheek.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You are real, then," I said.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "No. We are almost what you think us\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 pow\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ers from
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 above the stage. Only not quite deities. You are an actor, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 believe."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I shook my head. "Don't you know me. Master? You
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 taught me when I was a boy, and I have become a journey-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 man of the guild."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Yet you are an actor too. You have as much right t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 o think
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of yourself in that way as the other. You had been performing 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 when we spoke to you in the field near the Wall, and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 next time we saw you, at the House Absolute, you were acting 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 again. It was a good play; I should have liked to see the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 end."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Y\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ou were in our audience?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Master Malrubius nodded. "As an actor, Severian, you
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 surely know the phrase I hinted at a moment ago. It refers to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 some supernatural force, personified and brought onto the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stage in the last act in order that the play may end well\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 .
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 None but poor playwrights do it, they say, but those who say
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 so forget that it is better to have a power lowered on a rope,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and a play that ends well, than to have nothing, and a play
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that ends badly. Here is our rope\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 many ropes, and a stout
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ship too. Wi\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ll you come aboard?"
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I said, "Is that why you are as you are? In order that I will
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 trust you?"
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Yes, if you like." Master Malrubius nodded, and Triskele,
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 who had been sitting at my feet and looking up into my face,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ran with his bumping, three-legged gallop\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  halfway up the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pont and fumed to look back at me, his stump tail wagging
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and his eyes pleading as a dog's eyes do.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 
\par \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 I know you can't be what you seem. Perhaps Triskele is,
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but I saw you buried. Master. Your face is no mask, but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 there's a mask somewhere, \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and under that mask you're what
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the common people call a cacogen, although Dr. Talos explained 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to me once that you prefer to be called Hierodules."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Again Malrubius laid his hand on mine. "We would not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 deceive you if we could. But I hope that you will de\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ceive
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 yourself, to your good and all Urth's. Some drug now dulls
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 your mind\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 more than you realize\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 just as you were under
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the sway of sleep when we spoke to you in that meadow near
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the Wall. If you were undrugged now, perhaps you would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lack the courage to co\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me with us, even if you saw us, even if
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 your reason convinced you that you should."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I said, "So far it hasn't convinced me of that, or of anything 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 else. Where do you want to take me, and why do you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 want to take me there? Are you Master Malrubius or a Hie\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ro-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dule?" As I spoke I became more conscious of the trees,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 standing as soldiers stand while the officers of the staff discuss
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 some point of strategy. Night was upon us still, but it had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 become a thinner darkness, even here.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Do you know the meaning of th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at word Hierodule you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 use? I am Malrubius, and no Hierodule. Rather I serve those
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the Hierodules serve. Hierodule means, holy slave. Do you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 think there can be slaves without masters?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "And you take me\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 "   '
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "To Ocean, to preserve your life." As if he had\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  read my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thought, he continued, "No, we do not take you to the paramours 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of Abaia, those who spared and succoured you because
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you had been a torturer and would be Autarch. In any event,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you have much worse to fear. Soon the slaves of Erebus, who
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 held you \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 captive here, will discover you have escaped; and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Erebus would hurl that army, and many others like it, into
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the abyss to capture you. Come." He drew me onto the pont.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 XXXI
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Sand Garden
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 THAT SHIP WAS worked by hands I could not see. I had suppos\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ed 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we would float up as the flier had or vanish like the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 green man down some corridor in time. Instead we rose so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 quickly I felt sick; alongside I heard the crashing of great
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 limbs.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You are the Autarch now," Malrubius told me. "Do you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 know it?" His voi\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ce seemed to blend with the whistle of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wind in the rigging.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Yes. My predecessor, whose mind is now one of mine,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 came to office as I have. I know the secrets, the words of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ^authority, though I haven't had time yet to think about
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 them. Are you returnin\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 g me to the House Absolute?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He shook his head. "You are not ready. You believe that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 all the old Autarch knew is available to you now. You are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 correct\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 but it is not yet in your grasp, and when the tests
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 come, you will encounter many who will slay you sho\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 uld you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 falter. You were nurtured in the Citadel of Nessus\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 what are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the words for its castellan? How are the man-apes of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 treasure mine to be commanded? What phrases unlock the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 vaults of the Secret House? You need not tell me, because
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 these things are t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he arcana of your state, and I know them in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 any case. But do you yourself know them, without thinking
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 long?\'94\loch\f2                            
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The phrases I required were present in my mind, yet I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 failed when I sought to pronounce them to myself. Like little
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fi\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sh, they slipped aside, and in the end I could only lift my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shoulders.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "And there is one thing more for you to do. One adventure
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 more, beside the waters."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "What is it?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "If I were to tell you, it would not come to pass. Do not be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 alarmed. It is a simple\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  thing, over in a breath. But I must
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 explain a great deal, and I have not much time in which to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 doit. Have you faith in the coming of the New Sun?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 As I had looked within myself for the words of command,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 so I looked within for my belief; and I could no m\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ore find it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 than I had found them. "I have been taught so all my life," I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 said. "But by teachers-the true Malrubius was One-who
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I think did not themselves believe. So I cannot now say
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 whether I believe or not"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Who is the New Sun? A man? If a man, how can\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  it be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that every green thing is to grow darkly green again at his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 coming, and the granaries full?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 If was unpleasant to be drawn back to things half heard in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 childhood now, when I was just beginning to understand that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had inherited the Commonwealth. I\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  said, "He will be the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Conciliator come again-his avatar, bringing justice and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 peace. In pictures he is shown with a shining face, like the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sun. I was an apprentice of the torturers, not an acolyte, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that is all I can tell you." I drew my cloak about me\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shelter from the cold wind. Triskele was huddled at my feet.
\par \tab \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 And which does humanity need more? Justice and peace?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 or a New Sun?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "At that I tried to smile. "It has occurred to me that though
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you cannot possibly be my old teacher; you may incorpora\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 te
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 his personality as I do the Chatelaine Thecla's. If that is so,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you already know my answer. When a client is driven to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 utmost extremity, it is warmth and food and ease from pain
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he wants. Peace and justice come afterward. Rain symbolizes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mercy and s\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 unlight charity, but rain and sunlight are better
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 than mercy and charity. Otherwise they would degrade the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 things they symbolize."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "To a large extent you are correct. The Master Malrubius
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you knew lives in me, and your old Triskele in this Triskele.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 But \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that is not important now. If there is time, you will
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 understand before we go." Malrubius closed his eyes and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 scratched the grey hair on his chest, just as I remembered
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 him doing when I was among the youngest of the apprentices. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You were afraid to board \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 this little ship, even when I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 told you it would not carry you away from Urth, or even to a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 continent other than your own. Suppose I were to tell you\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 do not tell you, but suppose I did\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 that it would in fact take
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you from Urth, past the orbit of Phaleg, wh\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ich you call Verthandi, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 past Bethor and Aratron, and at last into the outer
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dark, and across the dark to another place. Would you be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 frightened, now that you have sailed with us?"
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "No man enjoys saying he is afraid. But yes, I would."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Afraid or not, wou\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ld you go if it might bring the New
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Sun?"
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 It seemed then that some icy spirit from the gulf had already 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wrapped its hands about my heart. I was not deceived,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nor, I thinly did he mean I should be. To answer yes would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 be to undertake the journey. I hesita\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ted, in silence except for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the roar of my own blood in my ears.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 You need not answer now if you cannot. We will ask
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 again. But I can tell you nothing more until you answer."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 For a long time I stood on that strange deck, sometimes
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 walking up and down, blowi\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ng on my fingers in the freezing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wind while all my thoughts crowded around me. The stars
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 watched us, and it seemed to me that Master Malrubius's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eye were two more such stars.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 At last I returned to him and said, "I have long wanted ...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 if it would bring th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 e New Sun, I would go.\'94
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I can give you no assurance. If it might bring the New
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Sun, would you then? Justice and peace, yes, but a New
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Sun\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 such an outpouring of warmth and energy upon Urth as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 she knew before the birth of the first man?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Now came the str\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 angest happening I have to tell in all this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 already over long tale; yet there was no sound or sight associated 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with it, no speaking beast or gigantic woman. It was only
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that as I heard him I felt a pressure against my breastbone, as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I bad felt it in Thrax\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  when I knew I should be going north
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with the daw. I remembered the girl in the jacal. "Yes," I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 said. "If it might bring the New Sun, I would go."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "What if you were to stand trial there? You knew him who
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was autarch before you, and in the end you loved hi\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 m. He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lives in you. Was he a man?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "He was a human being\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 as you, I think, are not. Master."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "That was not my question, as you know as well as I. Was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he a man as you are a man? Half the dyad of man and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 woman?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I shook my head.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "So you will become, shoul\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d you fail the trial. Will you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 still go?\'94
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Triskele laid His scarred head against my knee, the ambassador 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of all crippled things, of the Autarch who had carried a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tray in the House Absolute and lain paralysed in the palanquin 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 waiting to pass to me the hu\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mming voices in his skull,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of Thecla writhing under the Revolutionary, and of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 woman even I, who had boasted I could forget nothing, had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nearly forgotten, bleeding and dying beneath our tower. Per-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 haps after all it was my discovery of Triskele, which I\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 said changed nothing, that in the end changed everything. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 did not have to answer this time; Master Malrubius saw my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 answer in my face.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You know of the chasms of space, which some call the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Black Pits, from which no speck of matter or gleam of ligh\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ever returns. But what you have not known until now is that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 these chasms have their counterparts in White Fountains,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from which matter and energy rejected by a higher universe
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 flow in endless cataract into this one. If you pass\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 if our race
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 is judged read\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 y to reenter the wide seas of space\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 such a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 white fountain will be created in the heart of our sun."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "But if I fail?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "If you fail, your manhood will be taken from you, so that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you cannot bequeath the Phoenix Throne to your descendants. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Your predecessor\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  also accepted the challenge."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "And failed. That is clear from what you said."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Yes. Still, he was braver than many who are called heroes,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the first to go in many reigns. Ymar, of whom you may have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 heard, was the last before him."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Yet Ymar too must hav\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e been judged unfit. Are we going
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 now? I can see only stars beyond the rail."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Master Malrubius shook his head. "You are not looking as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 carefully as you think. We are already near our destination."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Swaying, I walked to the railing. Some of my unsteadines\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had its origin in the motion of the ship, I think; but some,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 too, came from the lingering effects of the drug.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Night still covered Urth, for we bad flown swiftly to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 west, and the faint dawn that had come to the Ascian army
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in the jungle had not yet\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  appeared here. After a moment I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 saw that the stars over the side seemed to slip, and slide in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 their heaven, with an uneasy and wavering motion. Almost it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seemed that something moved among the stars as the wind
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 moves through wheat. Then I thought. It is th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e sea . . . and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at that moment Master Malrubius said, "It is that great sea
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 called Ocean."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I have longed to visit it."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "In a short time you will be standing at its margin. You
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 asked when you would leave this planet. Not until your rule
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 here is secure. W\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hen the city and the House Absolute obey
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you and your armies have repelled the incursions of the slaves
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of Erebus. Within a few years, perhaps. But perhaps not for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 decades. We two will come for you."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You are the second tonight to tell me I will see you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 again," I said. Just as I spoke, there was a slight shock, like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the sensation one feels when a boat is brought skillfully to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the dock. I walked down the pont and out upon sand. and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Master Malrubius and Triskele followed me. I asked if they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would not stay w\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ith me for a time to counsel me.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "For a short time only. If you have further questions, you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 must ask them now."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The silver tongue of the pont was already creeping back
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 into the hull. It seemed that it had hardly come home before
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the ship lifted itself a\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nd scudded down the same aperture in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 reality into which the green man had run.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You spoke of the peace and justice that the New Sun is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to bring. Is there justice in his calling me so far? What is the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 test I must pass?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "It is not he who calls you. Those \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 who call hope to summon 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the New Sun to them," Master Malrubius said, but I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 did not understand him. Then he recounted to me in brief
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 words the secret history of Time, which is the greatest of all
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 secrets, and which I will set down here in the proper place.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 When he had finished, my mind reeled and I feared I would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 forget all he had said, because it seemed too great a thing for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 any living man to know, and because I had learned at last
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that the mists close for me as for other men.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You will not forget, you a\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bove all. At Vodalus\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s banquet,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you said you felt sure you would forget the foolish passwords
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he taught you in imitation of the words of authority. But you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 did not. You will remember everything. Remember too, not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to be afraid. It may be that the epic penan\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ce of mankind is at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 an end. The old Autarch told you the truth-we will not go
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to the stars again until we go as a divinity, but that time may
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not be far off now. In you all the divergent tendencies of our
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 race may have achieved synthesis."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Triskele stood\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  on his hind legs for a moment as he used to,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 then spun around and galloped down the starlit beach, three
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 paws scattering the little cat's-paw waves. When he was a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hundred strides off he turned and looked back at me, as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 though he wished me to follow.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ook a few steps toward him, but Master Malrubius said,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You cannot go where he is going, Severian. I know you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 think us cacogens of a kind, and for a time I felt it would not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 be wise to wholly undeceive you, but I must do so now. We
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 are aquastors, beings cr\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eated and sustained by the power of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the imagination and the concentration of thought."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I have heard of such things," I told him. "But I have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 touched you."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "That is no test. We are as solid as most truly false things
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 are\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 a dance of particles in space. On\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ly the things no one can
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 touch are true, as you should know by now. Once you met a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 woman named Cyriaca, who told you tales of the great thinking 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 machines of the past. There is such a machine on the ship
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in which we sailed. It has the power to look into yo\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ur mind."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I asked, "Are you that machine, then?" A feeling of loneliness 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and vague fear grew in me.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I am Master Malrubius, and Triskele is Triskele. The machine 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 looked among your memories and found us. Our lives
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in your mind are not so complete as th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ose of Thecla and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 old Autarch, but we are there nevertheless, and live while you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 live. But we are maintained in the physical world by the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 energies of the machine, and its range is but a few thousand
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 years."
\par \tab 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 As he spoke these final words, his flesh w\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as already fading
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 into bright dust. For a moment it glinted in the cold star-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 light. Then it was gone. Triskele remained with me a few
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 breaths longer, and when his. yellow coat was already silvered
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and blowing away in the gentle breeze, I heard his bark.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Then I stood alone at the edge of the sea I had longed for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 so often; but though I was alone, I found it cheering, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 breathed the air that is like no other, and smiled to hear the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 soft song of the little waves. Land\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 Nessus, the House Absolute, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and all th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e rest\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 lay to the east; west lay the sea; I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 walked north because I was reluctant to leave it too soon,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and because Triskele had run in that direction, along the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 margin of the sea. There great Abaia might wallow with his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 women, yet the sea was older far, an\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d wiser than he; we human 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 beings, like all the life of the land, had come from the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sea; and because we could not conquer it, it was ours always.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The old, red sun rose on my right and touched the waves
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with his fading beauty, and I heard the calling of the\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  sea
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tods, the innumerable birds.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 By the time the shadows were short, I was tired. My face
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and my wounded leg pained me; I had not eaten since noon
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the previous day and had not slept save for my trance in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the Ascian tent. I would have rested if I coul\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d, but the sun
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was warm, and the line of cliffs beyond the beach offered no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shade. At last I followed the tracks of a two-wheeled cart and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 came to a clump of wild roses growing from a dune. There I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 halted, and seated myself in their shadow to take off my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 b\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 oots and pour out the sand that had entered their splitting
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seams.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 A thorn caught my forearm and broke from its branch,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 remaining embedded in my skin, with a scariet drop of blood,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 no bigger than a grain of millet, at its tip. I plucked it out-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 then fell\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  to my knees.                            
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 It was the Claw.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The claw perfect, shining black, just as I had placed it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 under the altar stone of the Pelerines. All that bush and all
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the other bushes growing with it were covered with white
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 blossoms and these \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 perfect Claws. The one in my palm
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 flamed with transplendent light as I looked at it.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had surrendered the Claw, but I had retained the little
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 leather sack Dorcas had sewn for it I took it from my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sabretache and hung it about my neck in the old way, with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the claw once more inside. It was only when I had thus put
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it away that I recalled seeing just such a bush in the Botanic
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Gardens at the beginning of my journey.
\par \tab 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 No one can explain such things. Since I have come to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 House Absolute, I have talked wit\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 h the heptarch and with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 various acaryas; but they have been able to tell me very little
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 save that the Increate has chosen before this to manifest
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 himself in these plants.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 At that time I did not think of it, being filled with won-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 der\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 but may it not be th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at we were guided to the unfinished
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Sand Garden? I carried the Claw even then, though I did not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 know it; Agia had already slipped it under the closure of my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sabretache. Might it not be that we came to the unfinished
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 garden so that the Claw, flying as it we\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 re against the wind of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Time, might make its farewell? The idea is absurd. But then,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 all ideas are absurd.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 What struck me on the beach\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 and it struck me indeed, so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that I slavered as at a blow\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 was that if the Eternal Principle 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had rested in that curved th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 orn I had carried about my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 neck across so many leagues, and if it now rested in the new
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thorn (perhaps the same thorn) I had only now put there,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 then it might rest in anything, and in fact probably did rest
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in everything, in every thorn on every bush, in e\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 very drop of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Water in the sea. The thorn was a sacred Claw because all
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thorns were sacred Claws; the sand in my boots was sacred
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sand because it came from a beach of sacred sand. The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cenobites treasured up the relics of the sannyasins because
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the sannyasin\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s had approached the Pancreator. But every-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thing had approached and even touched the Pancreator, because 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 everything had dropped from his hand. Everything was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a relic. All the world was a relic. I drew off my boots, that had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 travelled with me so far, and \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 threw them into the waves that I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 might not walk shod on holy ground.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 XXXII
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 TheSamru}{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 AND I WALKED ON as a mighty army, for I felt myself in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 company of all those who walked in me. I was surrounded by
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a numerous guard; and I was the guard about th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e person of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the monarch. There were women in my ranks, smiling and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 grim, and children who ran and laughed and, daring Erebus
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and Abaia, hurled seashells into the sea.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 In half a day I came to the mouth of Gyoll, so wide that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the farther shore was lost in \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 distance. Three-sided isles lay in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it, and through them vessels with billowing sails picked their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 way like clouds among the peaks of the mountains. I hailed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 one passing the point on which I stood and asked for passage
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to Nessus. A wild figure I must have a\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ppeared, with my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 scarred face and tattered cloak and every rib showing.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Her captain sent a boat for me nonetheless, a kindness I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have not forgotten. I saw fear and awe in the eyes of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rowers. Perhaps it was only at the sight of my half-healed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wounds; \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but they were men who had seen many wounds, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I recalled how I had felt when I first saw the face of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Autarch in the House Azure, though he was not a tall man,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Or even a man, truly.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Twenty days and nights the Sammru made her way up
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Gyoll. We sailed \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 when we could, and rowed, a dozen sweeps
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to a side, when we could not. It was a hard passage for the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sailors, for though the current is almost imperceptibly slow, it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 runs day and night, and so long and so wide are the meanders
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the channel, that an oarsm\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 an often sees at evening the spot
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from which he laboured When the beating of the drum first
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 roused the watch.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 For me it was as pleasant as a yachting expedition. Although 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I offered to make sail and row with the rest, they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would not permit it. Then I tol\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d the captain, a sly-faced man
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 who looked as though he lived by bargaining as much as by
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sailing, that I would pay him well when we reached Nessus;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but he would not hear of it, and insisted (pulling at his mustache, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 which he did whenever he wished to show\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  the greatest
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sincerity) that my presence was reward enough for him and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 his crew. I do not believe they guessed I was their Autarch,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and for fear of such as Vodalus had been I was careful to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 drop no hints to them; but from my eyes and manner they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seemed to\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  feel I was an adept.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The incident of the captain's sword must have strengthened 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 their superstition. It was a craquemarte, the heaviest of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the sea swords, with a blade as wide as my palm, sharply
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 curved and graven with stars and suns and other things th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 captain did not understand. He wore it when we were close
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 enough to a riverbank village or another ship to make him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 feel the occasion demanded dignity; but for the most part he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 left it lying on the little quarterdeck. I found it there, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 having nothing\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  else to do but watch sticks and fruit skins bob
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in the green water, I took out my half stone and sharpened it.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 After a time he saw me testing the edge with my thumb and.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 began to boast of his swordsmanship. Since the craquemarte
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was at least two-thirds th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e weight of Terminus Est, with a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 short grip, it was amusing to hear him; I listened with delight
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 for half a watch or so. As it happened there was a hempen
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cable about the thickness of my wrist coiled nearby, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 when he began to lose interest in his own in\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ventions, I had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 him and the mate hold up three cubits or so between them.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The craquemarte severed it like a hair; then before either of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 them could recover breath, I threw it flashing toward the sun
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and caught it by the hilt.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 As I fear that incident shows\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  too well, I was beginning to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 feel better. There is nothing to enthrall the reader in rest,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fresh air, and plain food; but they can work wonders against
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wounds and exhaustion.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The captain would have given me his cabin if I had let
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 him, but I slept on dec\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 k rolled in my cloak, and on our one
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 night of rain found shelter under the boat, which was stowed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bottom-up amidships. As I learned on board, it is the nature
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of breezes to die when Urth turns her back to the sun; so I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 went to sleep, on most nights, with t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he chant of the rowers in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my ears. In the morning I woke to the rattle of the anchor
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 chain.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Sometimes, though, I woke before morning, when we lay
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 close to shore with only a sleepy lookout on deck. And sometimes 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the moonlight roused me to find us gliding\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  forward
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 under reefed sails, with the mate steering and the watch
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 asleep beside the halyards. On one such night, shortly after
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we had passed through the Wall, I went aft and saw the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 phosphorescence of our wake like cold fire on the dark water
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and thought f\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 or a moment that the man-apes of the mine
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 were coming to be cured by the Claw, or to gain an old
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 revenge. That, of course, was not truly strange\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 only the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 foolish error of a mind still half in dream. What happened
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the next morning was not truly strange eith\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 er, but it affected
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me deeply.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The oarsmen were rowing a slow beat to get us around a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 leagues-long bend to a point where we could catch what little
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wind there was. The sound of the drum and the hissing of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the water falling from the long blades of the swee\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ps are hypnotic, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I think because they are so similar to the beating of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 one's own heart in sleep and the sound the blood makes as it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 moves past the inner ear on its way to the brain.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I was standing by the rail looking at the shore, still marshy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 here wher\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e the plains of old have been flooded by silt-choked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Gyoll; and it seemed to me that I saw forms in the hillocks
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and hummocks, as though all that vast, soft wilderness had a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 geometrical soul (as certain pictures do) that vanished when I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stared at it, then \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 reappeared when I took my eyes away. The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 captain came to stand beside me, and I told him I had heard
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that the ruins of the city extended far downriver and asked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 when we would sight them. He laughed and explained that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we had been among them for the past two\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  days, and loaned
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me his glass so I could see that what I had taken for a stump
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was in actuality a broken and tilted column covered with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 moss.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 At once everything\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 walls, streets, monuments\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 seemed to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 spring from hiding, just as the stone town had reconstru\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cted
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 itself while we watched from the tomb roof with the two
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 witches. No change had occurred outside my own mind, but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had been transported, far faster than Master Malrubius's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ship could have taken me, from the desolate countryside to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the midst of an anci\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ent and immense ruin.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Even now I cannot help but wonder how much any of us
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 see of what is before us. For weeks my friend Jonas had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seemed to me only a man with a prosthetic hand, and when I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was with Baldanders and Dr. Talos, I had overlooked a hundred 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 c\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lues that should have told me Baldanders was master.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 How impressed I was outside the Piteous Gate because Baldanders 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 did not escape the doctor when he could.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 As the day wore on, the ruins became plainer and plainer
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 still. At each loop of the river, the \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 green walls rose higher,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from ever firmer ground. When I woke the next morning,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 some of the stronger buildings retained their upper stories.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Not long afterward, I saw a little boat, newly built, tied to an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ancient pier.. I pointed it out to the captain, wh\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 o smiled at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my naivety and said, "There are families who live, grandson
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 following grandsire, by sifting these ruins."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "So I've been told, but that cannot be one of their boats.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Its too small to take much loot away in."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Jewelry or coins. No one else goe\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s ashore here. There's no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 law\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 the pillagers murder each other, and anyone else who
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lands."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I must go there. Will you wait for me?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He stared at me as though I were mad. "How long?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Until noon. No later."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Look," he said, and pointed. "Ahead is the la\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 st big bend.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Leave us here and meet us there, where the channel bows
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 around again. It will be afternoon before we get there."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I agreed, and he had the }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Samru's}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  boat put into the water
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 for me, and told four men to row me ashore. As we were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 about to cast of\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 f, he unbelted his craquemarte and handed it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to me, saying solemnly, "It has stood by me in many a grim
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fight. Go for their heads, but be careful not to knick the edge
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 on their belt buckles."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I accepted his sword with thanks, and told him I had always 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fa\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 voured the neck. "That's good," he said, "if you don't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have shipmates by that might be hurt when you swing it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 flat," and he pulled his mustache.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Sitting in the stern, I had ample opportunity to observe
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the faces of my rowers, and it was plain they were n\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 early as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 frightened of the shore as they were of me. They laid us
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 alongside the small boat, then nearly capsized their own in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 their haste to be away. After determining that what I had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seen from the rail was in fact what I had taken it to be, a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wilted scarl\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 et poppy left lying on the single seat, I watched
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 them row back to the Samru and saw that though a light
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wind now favoured the billowing mains'l, the sweeps had been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 brought out and were beating a quick-stroke. Presumably the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 captain planned to round the l\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ong meander as swiftly as he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 could; if I were not at the spot he had pointed out, he could
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 proceed without me, telling himself (and others, should others 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 inquire) that it was I who had failed our appointment and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not he. By parting with the craquemarte he \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had further
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 salved his conscience.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Stone steps very like those I had swum from as a boy had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been cut into the sides of the pier. Its top was empty, nearly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as lush as a lawn with the grass that had rooted between its
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stones. The ruined city, my own city o\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 f Nessus though it was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the Nessus of a time now long past, lay quiet before me. A
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 few birds wheeled overhead, but they-were as silent as the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sun-dimmed stars. Gyoll, whispering to itself in midstream,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 already seemed detached from me and the empty hulks of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 buildings among which I limped. As soon as I was out of sight
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of its waters, it fell silent, like some uncertain visitor who
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ceases to speak when we step into another room.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 It seemed that this could hardly be the quarter from which
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 (as Dorcas had told me\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ) furniture and utensils were taken. At
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 first I looked in often at doors and windows, but nothing had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been left within but wrack and a^ few yellow leaves, drifted
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 already from the young trees that were overturning the paving 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 blocks. Nor did I see any sign\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  of human pillagers, although 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 there were animal droppings and a few feathers and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 scattered bones.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I do not know how far inland I walked. It seemed a league,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 though it may have been much less. Losing the transportation 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the Samru did not much bother m\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e. I had walked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from Nessus most of the way to the mountain war, and although 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my steps were uneven still, my bare feet had been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 toughened on the deck. Because I had never really become
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 accustomed to carrying a sword at my waist, I drew the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 craquemarte and\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  put it on my shoulder, as I had often borne
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Terminus Est. The summer sunshine held that special, luxurious 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 warmth it gains when a suggestion of chill has crept
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 into the morning air. I enjoyed it, and would have enjoyed it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 more, and the silence and solitu\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 de too, if I had not been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thinking of what I would say to Dorcas, if I found her, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 what she might say to me.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Had I only known, I might have saved myself that concern;
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I came upon her sooner than I could reasonably have expected, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and I did not speak t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 o her\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 nor did she speak to me,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 or so far as I could judge, even see me.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The buildings, which had been large and solid near the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 river, had long since given way to lesser, f alien-in structures
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that must once have been houses and shops. I do not know
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 what \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 guided me to hers. There was no sound of weeping,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 though there may have been some small, unconscious noise,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the creaking of a hinge or the scrape of a shoe. Perhaps it was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 no more than the perfume of the blossom she wore, because
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 when I saw her she had an \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 arum, freckled white and sweet as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Dorcas herself had always been, thrust into her hair. No
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 doubt she had brought it there for that purpose, and had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 taken out the wilted poppy and cast it down when she had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tied up her boat. (But I have gotten ahead of my st\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ory.)
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I tried to enter the building from the front, but the rotting
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 floor was falling into the foundation in places as the arches
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 under it collapsed. The storeroom at the rear was less open;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the silent, shadowed walk, green with ferns, had been a dangero\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 us 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 alley once, and shopkeepers had put small windows
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 there or none. Still, I found a narrow door hidden under ivy,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a door whose iron had been eaten like sugar by the rain,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 whose oak was falling into mould. Stairs nearly sound led to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the floor above.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 She\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  was kneeling with her back to me. She had always been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 slender; now her shoulders made me think of a wooden chair
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with a woman\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s jupe hung over it. Her hair, like the palest
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gold, was the same\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 unchanged since I had seen her first in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the Garden of Endless S\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 leep. The body of the old man who
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had poled the skiff there lay on a bier before her, his back so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 straight, his face, in death, so youthful, that I hardly knew
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 him. On the floor near her was a basket\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 not small yet not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 large either, and a corked water jar.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I said nothing, and when I had watched her for a time I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 went away. If she had been there long, I would have called to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 her and embraced her. But she had just arrived, and I saw
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that it was impossible. All the time I had spent in journeying
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from Thrax to L\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ake Diuturna, and from the lake to the war,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and all the time I had spent as a prisoner of Vodalus, and in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sailing up Gyoll, she had spent in returning here to her place,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 where she had lived forty years ago or more though it had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 now fallen into decay.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 As \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had myself, an ancient buzzing with antiquity as a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 corpse with flies. Not that the minds of Thecla and the old
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Autarch, or the hundred contained in his, had made me old.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 It was not their memories but my own that aged me, as I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thought of Dorcas shivering \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 beside me on the brown track of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 floating sedge, both of us cold and dripping, drinking together 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from Hildegrin's flask like two infants, which in fact
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we had been,
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I paid no heed to where I walked after that. I went straight
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 down a long street alive wit\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 h silence, and when it ended at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 last. I turned at random. After a time I reached Gyoll, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 looking downstream saw the Samru riding at anchor at the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 meeting place. A basilosaur swimming up from the open sea
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would not have astounded me more.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 In a few mome\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nts I was mobbed by smiling sailors. The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 captain wrung my hand, saying, "I was afraid we'd come too
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 late. In my mind's eye I could see you struggling for your life
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in sight of the river, and us still half a league off."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The mate, a man so abysmally stupi\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d that he thought the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 captain a leader, clapped me on the back and shouted, "He'd
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have given 'em a good fight!"
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 XXXIII
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Citadel of the Autarch}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 THOUGH EVERY LEAGUE that separated me from Dorcas tore
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my heart, it was tetter than I can tell you\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 . to be back on the
\par }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Samru}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  again after seeing the empty, silent south.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Her decks were of the impure but lovely white of new-cut
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wood, scrubbed daily with a great mat called a }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bear}{\dbch\af23 \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 a sort of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 scouring pad woven from old cordage and weighed with the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gross bod\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ies of our two cooks, whom the crew had to drag
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 over the last span of planking before breakfast. The crevices
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 between the planks were sealed with pitch, so that the decks
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seemed terraces paved in a bold, fantastic design.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 She was high in the bow, with a s\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tem that curled back
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 upon her, Eyes, each with a pupil as big as a plate and a sky-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 blue iris of the brightest obtainable paint, stared out across
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the green waters to help find her way; her left eye wept the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 anchor.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Forward of her stem, held there by a tr\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 iangular wooden
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 brace itself carved, pierced, gilded, and painted, was her figurehead, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the bird of immortality. Its head was a woman's, the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 face long and aristocratic, the eyes tiny and black, its expressionlessness 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a magnificent commentary on the sombre\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  tranquillity 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of those who will never know death. Painted wooden
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 feathers grew from its wooden scalp to clothe its shoulders
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and cup its hemispherical breasts; its arms were wings lifted
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 up and back, their tips reaching higher than the termination
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stem and their gold and crimson primary feathers partially 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 obscuring the triangular brace. I would have thought it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a creature wholly fabulous\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 as no doubt the sailors did\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 had I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not seen the Autarch's anpiels.                    
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 A long bowsprit passed to\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  starboard of the stem, between
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the wings of the samru. The foremast, only slightly longer
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 than this bowsprit, rose from the forecastle. It was raked for-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ward to give the foresail room, as though it had been pulled
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 out of true by the forestay and the labo\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 uring jib. The main-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mast stood as straight as the pine it had once been, but the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mizzenmast was raked back, so the mastheads of the three
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 masts were considerably more separated than their bases,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Each mast held a slanting yard made by lashing together two
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tapering spars that had once been entire saplings, and each of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 these yards carried a single, triangular, rust-coloured sail.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The hull itself was painted white below the water and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 black above it, save for the figurehead and eyes I have already
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mentioned, a\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nd the quarterdeck rail, where scarlet had been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 used to symbolize both the captain's high state and his sanguinary 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 background. This quarterdeck actually occupied no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 more than a sixth of the }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Samru's}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  length, but the wheel and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the binnacle were there, and it\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  was there that one had the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 finest view, short of that provided by the rigging. The ship's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 only real armament, a swivel gun not much larger than
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Mamillian's, was there, ready alike for freebooters and mutineers. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Just aft of the sternrail, two iron posts a\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s delicately
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 carved as the horns of a cricket lifted many-faceted lanterns,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 one of palest red, the other viridescent as moonlight.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I was standing by these lanterns the next evening, listening
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to the thudding of the drum, the soft splashing of the sweep-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 blades, and the rowers' chant, when I saw the first lights
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 along the riverbank. Here was the dying edge of the city, the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 home of the poorest of the poorest of the poor\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 which only-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 meant that the living edge of the city was here, that death's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dominion ended\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  here. Human beings were preparing to sleep
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 here, perhaps still sharing the meal that marked the day's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 end. I saw a thousand kindnesses in each of those lights, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 heard a thousand fireside stories. In some sense I was home
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 again; and the same song that h\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ad urged me forth in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 spring now bore me back:
\par 
\par }{\fs18\dbch\af23 \tab \tab \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Row, brothers, row!
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The current is against us.
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Row, brothers, row!
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Yet God is for us.
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Row, brothers, row!
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The wind is against us.
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Row, brothers, row!
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Yet God is for us}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 .
\par \tab 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I could no\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t help but wonder who was setting out that night.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Every long story, if it be told truly, will be found to contain 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 all the elements that have contributed to the human
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 drama since the first rude ship reached the strand of Lune:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not only noble deeds and te\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nder emotion, but grotesquerie,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bathos, and so on. I have striven to set down the unembellished 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 truth here, without the least worry that you, my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 reader, would find some parts improbable and others insipid;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and if the mountain war was the scene of high dee\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ds (belonging 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 more to others than to me), and my imprisonment by
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Vodalus and the Ascians a time of horror, and my passage on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Samru}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  an interlude of tranquillity, then we are come to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the interval of comedy.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 We approached that part of the city where the\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  Citadel
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stands\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  which is southern but not the southernmost\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 under
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sail and by day. I watched the sun-gilt eastern bank with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 great care, and had the captain land me on those slimy steps
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 where I had once swum and fought. I hoped to pass through
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the necropoli\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s gate and so enter the Citadel through the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 breach in the curtain wall that was near the Matachin Tower;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but the gate was closed and locked, and no convenient party
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of volunteers arrived to admit me. Thus I was forced instead
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to walk many chains along the \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 margin of the necropolis, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 several more along the curtain wall to the barbican. 
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 There I encountered a numerous guard who carried me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 before their officer, who, when I told him I was a torturer,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 supposed me to be one of those wretches that, most often \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the onset of winter, seek to gain admission to the guild. He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 decided (very properly, had he been correct) to have me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 whipped; and to prevent it I was forced to break the thumbs
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of two of his men, and then demand while I held him in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 way called the ki\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tten and ball that he take me to his superior,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the castellan.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I admit I was somewhat awed at the thought of this official, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 whom I had seldom so much as seen in all the years I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had been an apprentice in the fortress he commanded. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 found him an old soldi\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 er, silver-haired and as lame as I. The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 officer stammered out his accusations while I stood by: I had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 assaulted and insulted (not true) his person, maimed two of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 his men, and so on. When he had finished, the castellan
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 looked from me to him and back again, \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dismissed him, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 offered me a seat.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You are unarmed," he said. His voice was hoarse but soft,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as though he had strained it shouting commands.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I admitted that I was.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "But you have seen fighting, and you have been in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 jungle north of the mountains,\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  where no battle has been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 since they turned our flank by crossing the Uroboros."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "That's true," I said. "But how can you know?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "That wound in your thigh came from one of their spears.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I've seen enough to recognize them. The beam flashed up
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 through the m\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 uscle, reflected by the bone. You might have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been up a tree and been stuck by a hastarus on the ground, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 suppose, but the most likely thing is that you were mounted
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and charging infantry. Not a cataphract, or they wouldn't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have got you so easily. The demi\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lances?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Only the light irregulars."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You'll have to tell me about that later, because you're a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 city man from your accent, and they're eclectics and suchlike
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 for the most part. You have a double scar on your foot too,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 white and clean, with the marks hal\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 f a span apart. That was a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 blood bat's bite, and they don't come that large except in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 true jungle at the waist of the world. How did you get
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 there?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Our flier crashed. I was taken prisoner."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "And escaped?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 In a moment more I would have been forced \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to talk of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Agia and the green man, and of my journey from the jungle
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to the mouth of Gyoll, and those were high matters which I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 did not wish to disclose thus casually. Instead of an answer, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pronounced the words of authority applicable to the Citadel
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 its castellan.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Because he was lame, I would have had him remain seated
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 if I could; but he sprang to his feet and saluted, then
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dropped to his knees to kiss my hand. He was thus, though
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he could not have known it, the first to pay me homage, a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 distinction\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  that entitles him to a private audience once a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 year\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 an audience he has not yet requested and perhaps
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 never will.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 For me to proceed now, clothed as I was, was impossible.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The old castellan would have died of a stroke had I demanded it, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and he was so con\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cerned for my safety that any
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 incognito would have been accompanied by at least a platoon 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of lurking halberdiers. I soon found myself arrayed in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lapis lazuli jazerant, cothurni, and a stephane, the whole set
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 off by an ebony baculus and a voluminous damass\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in cape
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 embroidered with rotting pearls. All these things were indescribably 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ancient, having been taken from a store preserved
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from the period when the Citadel was the residence of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 autarchs.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Thus in place of entering our tower, as I had intended, in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the same cloak in which I had left it, I returned as an unrecognizable 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 being in ceremonial fancy dress, skeletally thin,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lame, and hideously scarred. It was with this appearance that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I entered Master Palaemon's study, and I am certain I must
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 almost have \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 frightened him to death, since he had been told
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 only a few moments before that the Autarch was in the Cit-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 adel and wished to converse with him.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He seemed to me to have aged a great deal while I was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gone. Perhaps it was simply that I recalled him pot as \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 when I was exiled, but as I had seen him in our little class-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 room when I was a boy. Still, I like to think he was concerned
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 for me, and it is not really so unlikely that he was: I had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 always been his best pupil and his favourite; it was his vote,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 b\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eyond doubt, that had countered Master Gurloes's and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 saved my life; he had given me his sword.  
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 But whether he had worried much or little, his face seemed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 more deeply lined than it had been; and his scant hair, which
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had thought grey, was now of that \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 yellow hue seen in old
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ivory. He knelt and kissed my fingers, and was more than a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 little surprised when I helped him to rise and told him to seat
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 himself behind his table again.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You are too kind. Autarch," he said. Then, using an old
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 formula, "Your mercy\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  extends from sun to Sun."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Do you not recall us?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Were you confined here?" He peered at me through the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 curious arrangement of lenses that alone permitted him to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 see at all, and I decided that his vision, exhausted long before
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I was born on the faded in\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 k of the records of the guild, must
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have deteriorated further. "You have suffered torment, I see.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 But it is too crude, I hope, for our work."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "It was not your doing," I said, touching the scars on my
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cheek. "Nevertheless, we were confined for a time in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 oubliette beneath this tower."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He sighed\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 an old man's shallow breath\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 and looked down
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at the grey litter of his papers. When he spoke I could not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hear the words, and had to ask him to repeat them.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "It has come," he said. "I knew it would, but I hoped to\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dead and forgotten. Will you dismiss us. Autarch? Or put us
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to some other task?"                                .
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "We have not yet decided what we will do with you and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the guild you serve."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "It will not avail. If I offend you. Autarch, I ask your ind\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ulgence 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 for my age ... but still it will not avail. You will find in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the end that you require men to do what we do. You may
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 call it healing, if you wish. That has been done often. Or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ritual, that has been done too. But you will find the thing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 itself grows\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  more terrible in its disguise. Will you imprison
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 those undeserving of death? You will find them a mighty
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 army in chains. You will discover that you hold prisoners
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 whose escape would be a catastrophe, and that you need
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 servants who will wreak justice on th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ose who have caused
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 scores to die in agony. Who else will do that?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "No one will wreak such justice as you. You say our mercy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 extends from sun to Sun, and we hope it is so. By our mercy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we will grant even the foulest a quick death. Not because we
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pity th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 em, but because it is intolerable that good men should
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 spend a lifetime dispensing pain."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 His head came up and the lenses flashed. For the only time
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in all the years I had known him, I was able to see the youth
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he had been. "It must be done by good men. Y\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ou are badly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 advised, Autarch! What is intolerable is that it should be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 done by bad men."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I smiled. His face, as I had seen it then, had recalled some-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thing I had thrust from my mind months before. It was that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 this guild was my family, and all the home \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I should ever
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have. I would never find a friend in the world if I could not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 find friends here. "Between us. Master," I told him, "we have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 decided it should not be done at all."
\par \tab 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He did not reply, and I saw from his expression that he had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not even heard w\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hat I had said. He had been listening instead 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to my voice, and doubt and joy flickered over his worn,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 old face like shadow and firelight.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Yes," I said. "It is Severian," and while he was struggling
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to regain possession of himself, I went to the door an\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d got
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my sabretache, which I had ordered one of the officers of my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 guard to bring. I had wrapped it in what had been my fuligin
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 guild cloak, now faded to mere rusty black. Spreading the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cloak over Master Palaemon's table, I opened the sabretache
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and poured\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  out its contents. "This is all we have brought
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 back," I said.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He smiled as he used to in the schoolroom when he had
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 caught me out in some minor matter. "That and the throne?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Will you tell me about it?"
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 And so I did. It took a long while, and more than on\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ce my
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 protectors rapped at the door to ascertain that I was unharmed, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and at last I had a meal brought in to us; and when
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the pheasant was mere bones and the cakes were eaten and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the wine drunk, we were still talking. It was then that I conceived 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the ide\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a that has at last borne fruit in this record of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my life. I had originally intended to begin it at the day I left
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 our tower and to end it when I returned. But I soon saw that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 though such a construction would indeed supply the symmetry 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 so valued by artists\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 , it would be impossible for anyone to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 understand my adventures without knowing something of my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 adolescence. In the same way, some elements of my story
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would remain incomplete if I did not extend it (as I propose
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to do) a few days beyond my return. Perhaps\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  I have contrived
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 for someone }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Book of Gold}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 . Indeed, it may be that all
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my wanderings have been no more than a contrivance of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 librarians to recruit their numbers; but perhaps even that is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 too much to hope.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 XXXIV
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Key to the Universe}{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 WHEN H\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 E HAD HEARD everything. Master Palaemon went to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my little heap of possessions and took up the grip, pommel,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and silver guard that were all that remained of Terminus Est.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "She was a good sword," he said. "Nearly I gave you your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 death, but she was a good swo\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rd."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 We were always proud to bear her, and never found rea-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 son to complain of her."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He sighed, and the breath seemed to catch in his throat,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "She is gone. It is the blade that is the sword, not the sword
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 furniture. The guild will preserve these somewhe\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 re, with your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cloak and sabretache, because they have belonged to you.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 When you and I have been dead for centuries, old men like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me will point them out to the apprentices. It's a pity we
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 haven't the blade too. I used her for many years before you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 came to t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he guild, and never thought she would be destroyed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fighting some diabolical weapon." He put down the opal
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pommel and frowned at me. "What's troubling you? I've
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seen men wince less when their eyes were torn out."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "There are many kinds of diabolical weapon\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s, as you call
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 them, that steel cannot withstand. We saw something of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 them when we were in Orithyia. And there are tens of thousands 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of our soldiers there holding them off with firework
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lances and javelins, and swords less well forged than Terminus 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Est T\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hey succeed in so far as they do because the energy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 weapons of the Ascians are not numerous, and they are few
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 because the Ascians lack the sources of power needed to produce 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 them. What will happen if Urth is granted a New Sun?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Won't the Ascians be better \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 able to use its energy than we
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 can?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Perhaps that may be," Master Palaemon acknowledged.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "We have been thinking with the autarchs who have gone
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 before us\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 our guild brothers, as it were, in a new guild. Master 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Malrubius said that only our predecessor h\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as dared the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 test in modern times. When we touch the minds of the others, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we often find that they have refused it because they felt
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 our enemies, who have retained so much more of the ancient
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sciences, would gain a greater advantage. Is it not possible
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 y were right?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Master Palaemon thought a long time before he answered.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I cannot say. You believe me wise because I taught you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 once, but I have not been north, as you have. You have seen
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 armies of Ascians, and I have never seen one. You flatter me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 by ask\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ing my opinion. Still\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 from all you've said, they are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rigid, cast hard in their ways. I would guess that very few
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 among them think much."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I shrugged. "That is true in any aggregate. Master. But as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you say, it is possibly more true among them. And what you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 call their rigidity is terrible\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 a deadness that surpasses belief.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Individually they seem men and women, but together they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 are like a machine of wood and stone."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Master Palaemon rose and went to the port and looked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 out upon the thronging towers. "We are \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 too rigid here," he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 said, "Too rigid in our guild, too rigid in the Citadel. It tells
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me a great deal that you, who were educated here, saw them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as you did; they must be inflexible indeed. I think it may be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that despite their science, which may amount to l\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ess than
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you suppose, the people of the Commonwealth will be better
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 able to turn new circumstances to their benefit."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "We are not flexible or inflexible," I said. "Except for an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 unusually good memory, we are only an ordinary man."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "No, no!" faster Palaem\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 on struck his table, and again the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lenses flashed. "You are an extraordinary man in an ordinary
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 time. When you were a little apprentice, I beat you once or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 twice\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 you will recall that, I know. But even when I beat you,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I knew you would become an extraordina\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ry personage, the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 greatest master our guild would ever have. And you will be a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 master. Even if you destroy our guild, we will elect you!"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "We have already told you we mean to reform the guild,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not destroy it. We're not even sure we're competent to do
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tha\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t. You respect us because we've moved to the highest
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 place. But we reached it by chance, and know it. Our predecessor 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 reached it by chance too, and the minds he brought to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 us, which we touch only faintly even now, are not, with one
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 or two exceptions, thos\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e of genius. Most are only common
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 men and women, sailors and artisans, farmwives and wantons.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Most of the rest are eccentric second-rate scholars of the sort
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Thecla used to laugh at."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You have not just moved into the highest place," Master
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Palaemon said,\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  "you have become it. You are the state."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "We are not. The state is everyone else\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 you, the castellan,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 those officers outside. We are the people, the Common-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wealth." I had not known it myself until I spoke.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I picked up the brown book. "We are going to k\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eep this. It
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was one of the good things, like your sword. The writing of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 books shall be encouraged again. There are no pockets in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 these clothes; but perhaps it will do good if we are seen to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 carry it when we leave."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Carry it where?" Master Palaemon cocke\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d his head like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 an old raven.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "To the House Absolute. We've been out of touch, or the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Autarch has, if you wish to put it so, for over a month. We
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have to find out what's happening at the front, and perhaps
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dispatch reinforcements." I thought of Lomer and \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Nicarete
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and the other prisoners in the antechamber. "We have other
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tasks there too," I said.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Master Palaemon stroked his chin. "Before you go. Severian\hich\f2 \emdash 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Autarch\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 would you like to tour the cells, for old times
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sake? I doubt those fellows out there know of \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the door that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 opens to the western stair."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 It is the least-used staircase in the tower, and perhaps the
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 oldest. Certainly it is the one least altered from its original
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 condition. The steps are narrow and steep, and wind down
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 around a central column black w\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ith corrosion. The door to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the room where I, as Thecla, had been subjected to the device 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 called the Revolutionary stood half open, so that though
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we did not go inside, I nevertheless saw its ancient mechanisms; 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 frightful, yet less hideous to me than the \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gleaming but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 far older things in Baldanders's castle.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Entering the oubliette meant returning to something I
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had, from the time I left for Thrax, assumed gone forever.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Yet the metal corridors with their long rows of doors were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 unchanged, and when I peered \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 through the tiny windows
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that pierced those doors I saw familiar faces, the faces of men
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and women I had fed and guarded as a journeyman.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You are pale. Autarch," Master Palaemon said. "I feel
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 your hand tremble." (I was supporting him a little with one
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 han\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d on his arm.)
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You know that our memories never fade," I said. "For us
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the Chatelaine Thecla still sits in one of these cells, and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Journeyman Severian in another."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I had forgotten. Yes, it must be terrible for you. I was
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 going to take you to the Chat\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 elaine's old one, but perhaps
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you would rather not see it."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I insisted that we visit it; but when we arrived, there was a
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 new client inside, and the door was locked. I had Master
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Palaemon call the brother on duty to let us in, then stood for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a moment looki\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ng at the cramped bed and the tiny table. At
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 last I noticed the client, who sat upon the single chair, with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wide eyes and an indescribable expression blended of hope
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and wonder. I asked him if he knew me.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "No,exultant."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "We are no exultant. We are your A\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 utarch. Why are you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 here?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He rose, then fell to his knees. "1 am innocent! Believe
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 me!\'94
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "All right," I said. "We believe you. But we want you to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tell us what you were accused of, and how you came to be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 convicted."      
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Shrilly, he began to pour forth\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  one of the most complex
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and confused accounts I have ever heard. His sister-in-law
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had conspired with her mother against him. They said he had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stuck his wife, that he had neglected his ill wife, that he had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stolen certain moneys from her that she had been\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  entrusted
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with by her father, for purposes about which they disagreed.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 In explaining all this (and much more) he boasted of his own
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cleverness while decrying the frauds, tricks, and lies of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 others that had sent-him to the oubliette. He said that the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 g\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 old in question had never existed, and also that his mother-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in-law had used a part of it to bribe the judge. He said he had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not known his wife was ill, and that he had procured the best
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 physician he could afford for her.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 When I left him, I went to the n\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ext call and heard the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 client there, and then to the next and the next, until I had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 visited fourteen. Eleven clients protested their innocence,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 some better than the first, some even worse; but I found
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 none whose protestations convinced me. Three admitted
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hat they were guilty (though one swore, I think sincerely,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that though he had committed most of the crimes with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 which he had been charged, he had also been charged with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 several he had not committed). Two of these promised earnestly 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to do nothing that woul\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d return them to the oubliette
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 if only I would release them; which I did. The third\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 woman who had stolen children and forced them to serve as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 articles of furniture in a room she had set aside for the purpose, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in one instance nailing the hands of a littl\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e girl to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 underside of a small tabletop so that she became in effect its
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pedestal\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 told me with apparently equal frankness that she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 felt sure she would return to what she called her sport because 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it was the only activity that really interested her. She
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 did not ask to be released, only to have her sentence commuted 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to simple imprisonment. I felt certain she was mad,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 yet nothing in her conversation or her clear blue eyes indicated 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it, and she told me she had been examined prior to her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 trial and pronounc\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ed sane. I touched her forehead with the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 New Claw, but it was as inert as the old Claw had been when
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had attempted to use it to help Jolenta and Baldanders,
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I cannot escape the thought that the power manifested in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 both Claws is drawn from myself, and t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hat it is for this reason
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that their radiance, said by others to be warm, has always
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seemed cold to me. This thought is the psychological equivalent 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of that aching abyss in the sky into which I feared to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fall when I slept in the mountains. I reject and fe\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ar it because
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I desire so fervently that it be true; and I feel that if there
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 were the least echo of truth in it, I would detect it within
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 myself. I do not.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Furthermore, there are profound objections to it besides
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 this lack of internal resonance, the mos\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t important, convincing, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and apparently inescapable being that the Claw
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 unquestionably reanimated Dorcas after many decades of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 death\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 and did so before I knew I carried it.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 That argument appears conclusive; and still I am not sure
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that it is so. Did I in\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  fact know? What is meant by know, in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 an appropriate sense? I have assumed I was unconscious
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 when Agia dipped the Claw into my sabretache; but I may
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have been merely dazed, and in any case, many have long
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 believed that unconscious persons are aware of thei\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 r surroundings 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and respond internally to Speech and music. How
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 else explain the dreams dictated by external sounds? What
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 portion of the brain is unconscious, after all? Not the whole
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of it, or the heart would not beat and the lungs no longer
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 breathe. Much\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  of the memory is chemical All that, in fact, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have from Thecla and the former Autarch is fundamentally
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 so\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 the drugs serving only to permit the complex compounds
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of thought to enter my own brain as information. May it not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 be that certain information deriv\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ed from external phenomena 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 are chemically impressed on our brains even when the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 electrical activity on which we depend for conscious thought
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 has temporarily ceased?
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Besides, if the energy has its origins in me, why should it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have been necessary for me t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 o be aware of the presence of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 claw for them to operate, any more than it would be necessary 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 if they had their origin in the Claw itself? A strong suggestion 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of another kind might be equally effective, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 certainly our careening invasion of the sacre\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d precincts of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Pelerines and the way in which Agia and I emerged unhurt
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from the accident that killed the animals might have furnished 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 such a suggestion. From the cathedral we had gone to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the Botanic Gardens, and there, before we entered the Gar-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 den \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of Endless Sleep, I had seen a bush covered with Claws.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 At that time I believed the Claw to be a gem, but may not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 they have suggested it nonetheless? Our minds often play
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 such punning tricks. In the yellow house we had met three
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 persons who believed us sup\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ernatural presences.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 If the supernatural power is mine (and yet clearly it is not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mine), how did I come to have it? I have devised two explanations, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 both wildly improbable. Dorcas and I talked once of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the symbolic significance of real-world things, whic\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 h by the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 teachings of the philosophers stand for things higher than
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 themselves, and in a lower order are themselves symbolized.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 To take an absurdly simple example, suppose an artist in a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 garret limning a peach. If we put the poor artist in the place
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  Increate, we may say that his picture symbolizes the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 peach, and thus the fruits of the soil, while the glowing curve
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the peach itself symbolizes the ripe beauty of womanhood.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Were such a woman to enter the artist's garret (an improbability 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we must ent\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ertain for the sake of the explanation), 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 she would doubtless remain unaware that the fullness
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of her hip and the hardness of her heart found their echoes in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a basket on the table by the window, though perhaps the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 artist might be able to think of nothing e\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lse.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 But if the Increate is in actual fact in place of the artist, is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it not possible that such connections as these, many of which
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 must always be unguessable by human beings, may have profound 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 effects on the structure of the world, just as the artist's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 obsession may colour his picture? If I am he who is to renew
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the youth of the sun with the White Fountain of which I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have been told, may it not be that I have been given, almost
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 unconsciously (if that expression may be used), the attributes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of life and li\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ght that will belong to the renewed sun?
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The other explanation I mentioned is hardly more than a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 speculation. But if, as Master Malrubius told me, those who
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 will judge me among the stars will take my manhood should I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fail their judgment, is it not possibl\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e also that they will confirm 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me in some gift of equal worth should I, as Humanity's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 representative, conform to their desires? It seems to me that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 justice demands it. If that is the case, may it not be that their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gift transcends time, as they do themselve\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s? The Hierodules
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I met in Baldanders's castle said they interested themselves
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in me because I would gain the throne\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 but would their interest 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have been so great if I were to be no more than the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 embattled ruler of some part of this continent, one of many
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mbattled rulers in the long history of Urth?
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 On the whole, I think the first explanation the most probable; 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but the second is not wholly unlikely. Either would seem
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to indicate that the mission I am about to set out on will
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 succeed. I will go with good h\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eart.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 And yet there is a third explanation. No human being or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 near-human being can conceive of such minds as those of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Abaia, Erebus, and the rest. Their power surpasses under-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 standing, and I know now that they could crash us in a day if
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it were not that \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 they count only enslavement, and not annihilation, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as victory. The great undine I saw was their creature, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and less than their slave: their toy; It is possible that the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 power of the Claw, the Claw taken from a growing thing so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 near their sea, comes ultima\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tely from them. They knew my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 destiny as well as Ossipago, Barbatus, and Famulimus and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ihey saved me when I was a boy so that I might fulfil it.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 After I departed from the Citadel they found me again, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thereafter coarse was twisted by the Claw. Perhaps th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ey
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hope to triumph by raising a torturer to the Autarchy, or to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that position that is higher than the Autarch\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Now I think that it is time to record what Master Malrubius 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 explained to me. I cannot vouch for its truth, but I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 believe it to be true. I knew\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  no more than I set down here.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Just as a flower blooms, throws down its seed, dies, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Rises from its seed to bloom again, so the universe we know
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Diffuses itself to nullity in the infinitude of space, gathers its
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Fragments (which because of the curvature\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  of that space meet
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at last where they began) and from that seed blooms again.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Each such cycle of flowering and decay marks a divine year.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 As the flower that comes is like the flower from which it
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 came, so the universe that comes repeats the one whose rui\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 n
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was its origin; and this is as true of its finer features as of its
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 grosser ones: The worlds that arise are not unlike the worlds
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that perished, and are peopled by similar races, though just as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the flower evolves from summer to summer, all things advance\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 by some minute step.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 In a certain divine year (a time truly inconceivable to us,
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 though that cycle of the universes was but one in an endless
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 succession), a race was born that was so like to ours that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Master Malrubius did not scruple to call it human. I\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t expanded 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 among the galaxies of its universe even as we are said
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to have done in the remote past, when Urth was, for a time,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the centre, or at least the home and symbol, of an empire.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 These men encountered many beings on other worlds who
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had intelligenc\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e to some degree, or at least the potential for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 intelligence, and from them\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 that they might have comrades
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in the loneliness between the galaxies and allies among their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 swarming worlds\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 they formed beings like themselves.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 It was not done swiftly or easily. \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Uncountable billions suffered 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and died under their guiding hands, leaving ineradicable 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 memories of pain and blood. When their universe was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 old, and galaxy so far separated from galaxy that the nearest
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 could not be seen even as faint stars, and the ships \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 steered thence by ancient records alone, the thing was done.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Completed, the work was greater than those who began it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 could have guessed. What had been made was not a new race
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 like Humanity's, but a race such as Humanity wished its own
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to be: united, c\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ompassionate, just.                     
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I was not told what became of the Humanity of that cycle.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Perhaps it survived until the implosion of the universe, then
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 perished with it. Perhaps it evolved beyond our recognition.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 But the beings Humanity had shape\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d into what men and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 women wished to be escaped, opening a passage to Yesod,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the universe higher than our own, where they created worlds
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 suited to what they had become.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 From that vantage point they look both forward and back,
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and in so looking they have di\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 scovered us. Perhaps we are no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 more than a race like that who shaped them. Perhaps it was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we who shaped them\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 or our sons\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 or out fathers. Malrubius
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 said he did not know, and I believe he told the truth. How-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ever it may be, they shape us now as they themsel\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ves were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shaped; it is at once their repayment and their revenge.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Hierodules they have found too, and formed more
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 quickly, to serve them in this universe. On their instructions,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the Hierodules construct such ships as the one that bore me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from the jung\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 le to the sea, so that aquastors like Malrubius
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and Triskele may serve them also With these tongs, we are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 held in the forge,
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The hammer they wield is their ability to draw their servants 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 back, down the corridors of time, and to send them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hurtling forward\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  to the future. (This power is in essence the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 same as that which permitted them to evade the death of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 their universe\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 to enter the corridors of time is to leave the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 universe.) On Urth at least, their anvil is the necessity of life:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 our need in this age to f\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ight against an ever-more-hostile
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 world with the resources of the depleted continents. Because
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it is as cruel as the means by which they themselves were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shaped, there is a conservation of justice; but when the New
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Sun appears, it will be a signal that at l\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 east the earliest operations of the shaping are complete.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 XXXV
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Father Inire's Letter
\par }{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 THE QUARTERS ASSIGNED to me were in the most ancient part
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the Citadel. The rooms had been empty so long that the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 old castellan and the steward charged with main\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 taining them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 supposed the keys to have been lost, and offered, with many
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 apologies and much reticence, to break the locks for me. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 did not permit myself the luxury of watching their faces, but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I heard their indrawn breath as I pronounced the simple
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 words \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that controlled the doors.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 It was fascinating, that evening, to see how much the fashions 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the period in which those chambers were furnished
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 differed from our own. They did without chairs as we know
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 them, having for seats only complex cushions; and th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eir tables 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lacked drawers and that symmetry we have come to consider 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 essential. By our standards too, there was too much
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fabric and not enough wood, leather, stone, and bone; I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 found the effect at once sybaritic and uncomfortable.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Yet it was impossible\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  that I should occupy a suite other
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 than that anciently set aside for the autarchs; and impossible
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 too that I should have it refurnished to a degree that would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 imply criticism of my predecessors. And if the furniture had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 more to recommend it to the mind th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 an to the body, what a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 delight it was to discover the treasures those same predecessors 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had left behind: There were papers relating to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 matters now utterly forgotten and not always identifiable;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mechanical devices ingenious and enigmatic; a microcosm
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stirred to life at the warmth of my hands, and whose
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 minute inhabitants seemed to grow larger and more human
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as I watched them; a laboratory containing the fabled "emerald 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bench" and many other things, the most interesting of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 which was a mandragora in spi\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rits.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The cucurbit in which it floated was about seven spans in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 height and half as wide; the homuncule itself no more than
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 two spans tall. When I tapped the glass, it turned eyes like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 clouded beads toward me, eyes blinder far in appearance
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 than Master Pa\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 laemon's. I heard no sound when its lips
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 twitched, yet I knew at once what words they shaped\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 and in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 some inexplicable sense I felt the pale fluid in which the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mandragora was immersed had become my own blood-tinged
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 urine.
\par \tab \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93}{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Why have you called me. Autarch, \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from the contempla-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tion of your world?"}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2                                  -
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I asked, "Is it truly mine? I know now that there are seven
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 continents, and none but a part of this are obedient to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hallowed phrases."
\par 
\par }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 "You are the heir,\'94}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  the wizened thing s\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 aid and turned, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 could not tell if by accident or design, until it no longer faced
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I tapped the cucurbit again. "And who are you?"
\par \tab }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "A being without parents, whose life is passed immersed in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 blood."}{\dbch\af23 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Why, such have I been! We should be friends then\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 , you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and I, as two of similar background usually are."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "}{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 You jest."}{\dbch\af23 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Not at all. I feel a real sympathy for you, and I think we
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 are more alike than you believe."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The tiny figure turned again until its little face looked up
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 into my own. "}{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I wish that I mi\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ght credit you. Autarch."}{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I mean it. No one has ever accused me of being an honest
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 man, and I've told lies enough when I thought they would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 serve my turn, but I'm quite sincere. If I can do anything for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you, tell me what if is."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "}{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Break the glass."}{\dbch\af23 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I h\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 esitated. "Won't you die?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "}{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I have never lived. I will cease thinking. Break the glass}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You do live."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "}{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I neither grow, nor move, nor respond to any stimulus
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 save thought, which is counted no response. I am incapable
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of propagating my kind, or any othe\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 r. Break the glass."}{\dbch\af23 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "If you are indeed unliving, I would rather find someway
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to stir you to life."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "}{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 So much for brotherhood. When you were imprisoned
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 here, Thecla, and that boy brought you the knife, why did
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not you look for more life then?"}{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The blood\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  burned in my cheek, and I lifted the ebony
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 baculus, but I did not strike. "Alive or dead, you have a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 penetrating intelligence. Thecla is that part of me most
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 prone to anger."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "}{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 If you had inherited her glands with her memories, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would have succeeded}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 And you know that. How can you know so much, who are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Mind?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "}{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The acts of coarse minds create minute vibrations that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stir the waters of this bottle. I hear your thoughts."}{\dbch\af23 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I notice that I hear yours. How is it that I can hear them,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and not others?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Loo\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 king now directly into the pinched face, which was lit
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 by the sun's last shaft penetrating a dusty port, I could not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 be sure the lips moved at all. "}{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 You hear yourself, as ever. You
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cannot hear others because your mind shrieks always, like an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 infant crying \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in a basket. Ah, I see you remember that."}{\dbch\af23 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I remember a time very long ago when I was cold and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hungry. I lay upon my back, encircled by brown walls, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 heard the sound of my own screams. Yes, I must have been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 an infant Not old enough to crawl, I think. \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 You are very
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 clever. What am I thinking now?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "}{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 That I am but an unconscious exercise of your own
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 power, as the Claw was. It is true, of course. I was deformed,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and died before birth, and have been kept here since in white
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 brandy. Break the glass}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 .\'94
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I wou\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ld question you first,'^ I said.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "}{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Brother, there is an old man with a letter at your door."}{\dbch\af23 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I listened. It was strange, after having listened only to his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 words in my mind, to hear real noises again\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 the calling of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the sleepy blackbirds among the towers an\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d the tapping at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the door.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The messenger was old Rudesind, who had guided me to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the picture-room of the House Absolute. I motioned him in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 (to the surprise, I think, of the sentries) because I wanted to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 talk to him and knew that with him I had no need to \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stand
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 upon my dignity.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Never been in here in all my years," he said. "How can I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 help you. Autarch?"        
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "We're served already, just by the sight of you. You know
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 who we are, don't you? You recognized us when we met
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 before."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "If I didn't know your \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 face. Autarch, I'd know a couple
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dozen times over anyhow. I've been told that often. Nobody
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 here talks about anything else, seems like. How you was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 licked to shape right here. How they seen you this time and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that time. How you looked, and what you said to \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 them.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 There ain't one cook that didn't treat you to a pastry often.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 All them soldiers told you stories. Been a while now since I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 met a woman didn't kiss you and sew up a hole in your pants.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 You had a dog\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 "
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "That's true enough," I said. "We did."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "And a c\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at and a bird and a coti that stole apples. And you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 climbed every wall in this place. And jumped off after, or else
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 swung on a rope, or else hid and pretended you'd jumped.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 You're every boy that's ever been here, and I've heard stories
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 put on you that belo\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ng to men that was old when I was just a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 boy, and I've heard about things I did myself, seventy years
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ago."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "We've already learned that the Autarch's face is always
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 concealed behind the mask the people weave for him. No
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 doubt it's a good thing; you can't\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  become too proud once
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you understand how different you really are from the thing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 they bow to. But we want to hear about you. The old Autarch 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 told us you were his sentinel in the House Absolute,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and now we know you're a servant of Father Inire's."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I am,\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 " the old man said. "I have that honour, and it's his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 letter I carry." He held up a small and somewhat smudged
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 envelope.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "And we are Father Inire's master."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He made a countrified bow. "I know so. Autarch." 
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Then we order you to sit down, and rest your\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 self. We've
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 questions to ask you, and we don't want to keep a man your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 age standing. When we were that boy you say everyone's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 talking of, or at least not much older, you directed us to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Master Ultan's stacks. Why did you do that?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Not because I knew somet\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hing others didn't. Not because 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my master ordered it, either, if that's what you're
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thinking. Won't you read his letter?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "In a moment. After an honest answer, in a few words."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The old man hung his head and pulled at his thin beard. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 could see the dry\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  skin of his face rise in hollow-sided, tiny
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cones as it sought to follow the white hairs. "Autarch, you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 think I guessed at something back then. Perhaps some did.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Perhaps my master did, I don't know." His rheumy eyes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rolled up under his brows to look at me\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  then fell again. "You
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 were young, and seemed a likely-looking boy, so I wanted you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to see."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "To see what?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I'm an old man. An old man then, and an old man now.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 You've grown up since. I see it in your face. I'm hardly any
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 older because that much time is\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 n't anything to me. If you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 counted all the time I\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 ve spent just going up and down my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ladder, it'd be longer than that. I wanted you to see there has
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been a lot come before you. That there was thousands and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thousands that lived and died before you was ever \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thought
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of, some better than you. I mean. Autarch, the way you was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 then. You'd think anybody growing up here in the old Citadel 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would be born knowing all that, but I've found they're
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not. Being around it all the time, they don't see it. But going
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 down the\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 re to Master Ultan brings it home to the cleverer
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ones."
\par \tab \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'93\loch\f2 You are the advocate of the dead."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The old man nodded. "I am. People talk about being fair
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to this one and that one, but nobody I ever heard talks about
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 doing right by them. We take everything the\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 y had, which is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 all right. And spit, most often, on their opinions, which I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 suppose is all right too. But we ought to remember now and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 then how much or what we have we got from them. I figure
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 while I'm still here I ought to put a word in for them.- And
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 now\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 , if you don't mind. Autarch, I'll just lay the letter here
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 on this funny table\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 "
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Rudesind ..."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Yes, Autarch?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Are you going to clean your paintings?"
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He nodded again. "That's one reason I'm eager to be gone,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Autarch. I was at the House Absolute un\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 til my master\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 "
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 here he paused and seemed to swallow, as men do when they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 fed they have perhaps said too much \'93\emdash \loch\f2 went away north.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Got a Fechin to dean, and I'm behind."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Rudesind, we already know the answers to the question
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you think we are going to ask. \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 We know your master is what
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the people call a cacogen, and that for whatever reason, he is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 one of those few who have chosen to cast their lots entirely
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with humanity, remaining on Urth as a human being. The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Cumaean is another such, though perhaps you did n\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ot know
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that. We even know that your master was with us in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 jungles of the north, where he tried until it was too late to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rescue my predecessor. We only want to say that if a young
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 man with an errand comes past again while you are on your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ladder, you ar\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e to send him to Master Ultan. That is our
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 order."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 When he had gone, I tore open the envelope. The sheet
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 within was not large, but it was covered with tiny writing, as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 though a swarm of hatchling spiders had been pressed into its
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 surface.
\par \tab 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs18\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 His servant I\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nire hails the bridegroom of the Urth, Master of 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs18\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Nessus and the House Absolute, Chief of his Race, Gold of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 his People, Messenger of Dawn, Helios, Hyperion, Surya, Savitar, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and Autarch!
\par }{\dbch\af23 
\par }{\fs18\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I hasten, and will reach you within two days.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs18\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 It was a day and more \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ere I learned what had taken place.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs18\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Much of my information came from the woman Agia, who at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 least by her own account was instrumental in freeing you. She
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 told me also something or your past dealings with her, for I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have, as you know, means of extracting in\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 formation.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs18\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 You will have learned from her that the Exultant Vodalus
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs18\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 is dead by her act His paramour, the Chatelaine Thea, at first
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 attempted to gain control of those myrmidons who were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 about him at his death; but as she is by no means fitted to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lead them, \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and still less to hold in check those in the south, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have contrived to set this woman Agia in her place. From
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 your former mercy toward her, I trust that will meet with your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 approval. Certainly it is desirable to maintain in being a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 movement that has prove\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d so useful in the past, and as long
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as the mirrors of the caller Hethor remain unbroken, she provides 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it with a plausible commander.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs18\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 You will perhaps consider the ship I summoned to aid my
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs18\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 master, the autarch of his day, inadequate\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 as for that matter
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 do\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  I\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 yet it was the best I could obtain, and I was hard
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pressed to get it. I myself have been forced to travel south
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 otherwise, and much more slowly; the time may come soon
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 when my cousins are ready to side not just with humankind
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but with us\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 but for the pre\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sent they persist in viewing Urth
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as somewhat less significant than many of the colonized}{\dbch\af23 
\par }{\fs18\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 worlds, and ourselves on a par with the Ascians, and for that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 matter with the Xanthoderms and many others.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 You will perhaps already have gained news both fresher and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 more precise than mine. On the chance that you have not:
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The war goes well and ill. Neither point of their envelopment
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 penetrated far, and the southern thrust, particularly, suffered
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 such losses that it may fairly be said to have been destroyed. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 know \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the death of so many miserable slaves of Erebus will
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bring no joy to you, but at least our armies have a respite. -
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 That they need badly. There is sedition among the Paralians, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 which must be rooted out. The Tarentines, your Antrustiones, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and the dry leg\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ions\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 the three groups that bore the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 brunt of the fighting\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 having suffered almost as badly as the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 enemy. There are cohorts among them that could not-muster
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a hundred able soldiers.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I need not tell you we should obtain more small arms and,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 particularly, ar\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tillery, if my cousins can be persuaded to part
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with them at a price we can pay. In the meanwhile, what can
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 be done to raise fresh troops must be done, and in time for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the recruits to be trained by spring. Light units capable of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 skirmishing without scatter\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ing are the present need; but if the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ascians break out next year, we will require piquenaires and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pilani by the hundreds of thousands, and it might be well to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bring at least a part of them under arms now.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Any news you have of Abaia\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s incursions will be f\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 resher
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 than mine; I have had none since I left our lines. Hormisdas
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 has gone into the South, I believe, but Olaguer may be able
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to inform you.
\par 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 In haste and reverence,}{\dbch\af23 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 INIRE
\par }{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 XXXVI
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Of Bad Gold and Burning
\par 
\par }{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 NOT MUCH REMAINS to be told. \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I knew I would have to leave
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the city in a few days, so all I hoped to do here would have to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 be done quickly. I had no friends in the guild I could be sure
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of beyond Master Palaemon, and he would be of little use in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 what I planned. I summoned Roche, knowin\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 g that he could
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not deceive me to my face for long. (I expected to see a man
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 older than myself, but the red-haired journeyman who came
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at my command was hardly more than a boy; when he had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gone, I studied my own face in a mirror, something I had not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 done b\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 efore.)
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He told me that he and several others who had been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 friends of mine more or less close had argued against my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 execution when the will of most of the guild was to kill me,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and I believed him. He also admitted quite freely that he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had proposed that I\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  be maimed and expelled, though he said
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he had only done so because he had felt it to be the only way
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to save my life. I think he expected to be punished in some
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 way\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 his cheeks and forehead, normally so ruddy, were white
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 enough to make his freckles stand o\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ut like splatters of paint.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 His voice was steady, however, and he said nothing that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seemed intended to excuse himself by throwing blame on 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 someone else.                           
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The fact was, of course, that I did intend to punish him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 together with th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e rest of the guild. Not because I bore him or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 them any ill will, but because I felt that being locked below
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the tower for a time would arouse in them a sensitivity to 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that principle of justice of which Master Palaemon had spoken, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and because it would be\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  the best way to assure that the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 order forbidding torture I intended to issue would be carried
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 out. Those who spend a few months in dread of that art are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not likely to resent its being discontinued.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 However, I said nothing about that to Roche but only
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ked him to bring me a journyman's habit that evening
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and to be ready with Drotte and Eata to aid me the next
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 morning.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He returned with the clothing just after vespers. It was an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 indescribable pleasure to take off the stiff costume I had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been wearing and p\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ut on fuligin again. By night, it\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s dark
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 embrace is the nearest approach to invisibility I know, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 after I had slipped out of my chambers by one of the secret
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 exits, I moved between tower and tower like a shadow until I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 reached the fallen section of the \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 curtain wall.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Day had been warm; but the night was cool, and the necropolis 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 filled with mist, just as it had been when I had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 come from behind the monument- to save Vodalus. The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mausoleum where I had played as a boy stood as I had left it,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 its jammed door\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  three-quarters shut.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had brought a candle, and I lit it when I was inside. The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 funeral brasses I had once kept polished were green again;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 drifted leaves lay uncrushed everywhere. A tree had flung a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 slender limb through the little, barred window.
\par 
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 W\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 here I put you, there you lie,
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Never let a stranger spy,
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Like grass grow to any eye,
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Not of me.
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Here be safe, never leave it,
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Should a hand come, deceive it,
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Let strange eyes not believe it,    
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Till I see.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The stone was smaller and l\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ighter than I remembered. The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 coin beneath it had grown dull with damp; but it was still
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 there, and in a moment I held it again and recalled the boy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had been, walking shaken back to the torn wall through
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The fog.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Now I must ask you, you that have pardon\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ed so many
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 deviations and digressions from me, to excuse one more. It is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the last.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 A few days ago (which is to say, a long time after the real
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 termination of the events I have set myself to narrate) I was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 told that a vagabond had come here to the House Ab\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 solute
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 saying that he owed me money, and that he refused to pay it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to anyone else. I suspected that I was about to see some old
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 acquaintance, and told the chamberlain to bring him to me.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 It was Dr. Talos. He appeared to be in funds, and he had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dressed him\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 self for the occasion in a capot of red velvet and a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cechia of the same material. His face was still that of a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stuffed fox; but it seemed to me at times that some hint of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 life crept into it, that something or someone now peered
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 through the glass eyes.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Yo\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 u have bettered yourself," he said, making such a low
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bow that the tassel of his cap swept the carpet. "You may
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 recall that I invariably affirmed you would. Honesty, integrity, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and intelligence cannot be kept down."
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "We both know that nothing is easier t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 o keep down," I
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 said. "By my old guild, they were kept down every day. But it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 is good to see you again, even if you come as the emissary of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 your master."
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 For a moment the doctor looked blank. "Oh, Baldanders,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you mean. No, he has dismissed me, I'm afraid.\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  After the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fight. After he dived into the lake."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You believe he survived, then."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Oh, I'm quite sure he survived. You didn't know him as I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 did, Severian. Breathing water would be nothing to him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Nothing! He had a marvellous mind. He was a supreme genius 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of a unique sort: every thing, turned inward. He combined 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the objectivity of the scholar with the self-absorption
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the mystic."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I said, "By which you mean he carried out experiments on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 himself."                                              
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Oh, no,\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  not at all. He reversed that! Others experiment
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 upon themselves in order to derive some rule they can apply
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to the world. Baldanders experimented on the world and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 spent the proceeds, if I can put it so bluntly, upon his person.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 They say\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 " here he looked a\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bout nervously to make sure no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 one but myself was in earshot "\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 they say I'm a monster, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 so I am. But Baldanders was more monster than I. In some
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sense he was my father, but he had built himself. It's the law
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of nature, and of what is higher than nature,\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  that each creature 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 must have a creator. But Baldanders was his own creation; 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he stood behind himself, and cut himself off from the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 line linking the rest of us with the Increate. However, I stray
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from my Subject." The doctor had a wallet of scarlet leath\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 er
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at his belt; he loosened the strings and began to rummage in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it. I heard the chink of metal.                          
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Do you carry money now?" I asked. "You used to give
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 everything to him."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 His voice sank until I could hardly hear it. "Wouldn't you,
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in my present position, do the same thing? Now I leave coins,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 little stacks of aes and orichalks, near water." He spoke more
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 loudly: "It does no harm, and reminds me of the great days.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 But I am honest, you see! He always demanded that of me.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 And he was hon\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 est too, after his fashion. Anyway, do you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 recall the morning before we came out the gate? I was handing 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 round the receipts from the night before, and we were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 interrupted. There was a coin left, and it was to go to you, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 saved it and meant to give it to \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you later, but I forgot, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 then when you came to the castle. . . ." He gave me a side-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 long glance. "But fair-trade ends paid, as they say, and I have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Abere."
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The coin was precisely like the one I had taken from under
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the stone.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You see now why I could\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 n't give it to your man\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 I'm sure
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he thought me mad."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I flipped the coin and caught it. It felt as though it had
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been lightly greased. "To tell the truth. Doctor, we don't."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Because it's false; of course. I told you so that morning.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 How could I have told h\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 im I had come to pay the Autarch,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and then given him bad coin? They're terrified of you, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 they'd have disembowelled me looking for a good one Is it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 true you've an explosive that takes days to go up, so you can
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 blow people apart slowly?"
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I was looking a\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t the two coins; They had the same brassy
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shine and appeared to have been struck in the same die.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 But that little interview, as I have said, took place a long
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tame after the proper close of my narrative. I returned to my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 chambers in the Flag Tower by the w\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ay I had come, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 when I reached them again, took off the dripping cloak and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hung it up. Master Gurloes used to say that not wearing a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shirt was the hardest thing about belonging to the guild.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Though he meant it ironically, it was in some sense true. I,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 w\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ho had gone through the mountains with a naked chest,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had been softened sufficiently by a few days in the stifling
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 autarchial vestments to shiver at a foggy autumn night.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 There were fireplaces in all the rooms, and each was piled
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with wood so old and dry \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that I suspected it would fall to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dust should I strike it against an andiron. I had never lit any
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of these fires; but I decided to do so now, and warm myself,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and spread the clothes Roche had brought over the back of a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 chair to dry. When I looked for my fi\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rebox, however, I discovered 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that in my excitement I had left it in the mausoleum
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with the candle. Thinking vaguely that the autarch who had
\par }{\lang3081\langfe1041\dbch\af25\langfenp1041 \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 inhabited these rooms before me (a ruler far beyond the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 reach of my memory) must surely have kept some means of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 ki\hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 ndling his numerous fires close to hand, I began searching
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 the drawers of the cabinets.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang3081\langfe1041\dbch\af25\langfenp1041 \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 
These were largely filled with the papers that had so fascinated me before; but instead of stopping to read them, as I
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang3081\langfe1041\dbch\af25\langfenp1041 \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 had when I had made my original survey of the ro\hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 oms, I}{
\lang3081\langfe1041\dbch\af25\langfenp1041 
\par }{\lang3081\langfe1041\dbch\af25\langfenp1041 \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 lifted them from each drawer to see if there was not a steel,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 igniter, or syringe of amadou beneath them.}{\lang3081\langfe1041\dbch\af25\langfenp1041 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang3081\langfe1041\dbch\af25\langfenp1041 \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 I found none; but instead, in the largest drawer of the
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang3081\langfe1041\dbch\af25\langfenp1041 \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 largest cabinet, concealed under a filigree pen case, I discovered small pistol.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang3081\langfe1041\dbch\af25\langfenp1041 \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 I had\hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2  seen such weapons before the first time having been

\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang3081\langfe1041\dbch\af25\langfenp1041 \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 when Vodalus had given me the false coin I had just reclaimed. }{
\lang3081\langfe1041\dbch\af25\langfenp1041 
\par }{\lang3081\langfe1041\dbch\af25\langfenp1041 \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 Yet I had never held one in my own hands, and I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 found now that it was a very different thing from seeing them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 in the hands of others. Once \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 when Dorcas and I were riding
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 north toward Thrax we had fallen in with a caravan of tinkers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 and peddlers. We still had most of the money Dr. Talos had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 shared out when we met him in the forest north of the House
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 Absolute; but we were uncertain how far it mi\hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 ght carry us
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 and how far we had to go, and so I was plying my trade with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 the rest, inquiring at each little town if there were not some
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 malefactor to be mutilated or beheaded. The vagrants considered }{\lang3081\langfe1041\dbch\af25\langfenp1041 
\par }{\lang3081\langfe1041\dbch\af25\langfenp1041 \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 us two of themselves, and though some accorded us
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 more \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 or less exalted rank because I labo}{\lang3081\langfe1041\dbch\af25\langfenp1041 \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 u}{\lang3081\langfe1041\dbch\af25\langfenp1041 \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 
red only for the authorities, others affected to despise us as the instruments of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 tyranny.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 One evening, a grinder who had been friendlier than most
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 and had done us several trifling favo}{\lang3081\langfe1041\dbch\af25\langfenp1041 \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 u}{\lang3081\langfe1041\dbch\af25\langfenp1041 \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 rs offered to sharpen
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 Terminus Es\hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 t for me. I told him I kept her quite sharp
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 enough for the work and invited him to test her edge with a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 finger. After he had cut himself slightly (as I had known he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 would) he grew quite taken with her, admiring not only her }{\lang3081\langfe1041\dbch\af25\langfenp1041 
\par }{\lang3081\langfe1041\dbch\af25\langfenp1041 \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 blade but her soft sheath, her \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 carven guard, and so on. When
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 I had answered innumerable questions regarding her making,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 history, and mode of use, he asked if I would permit him to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 hold her. I cautioned him about the weight of the blade and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 the danger of striking its fine edge against so\hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 mething that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 might injure it, then handed her over. He smiled and gripped
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 the hilt as I had instructed him; but as he began to lift that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 long and shining instrument of death, his face went pale and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 his arms began to tremble so that I snatched her away from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 him before he dropped her. Afterward all he would say was
\par }{\b\i\lang3081\langfe1041\dbch\af25\langfenp1041 \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 I}{\b\i\lang3081\langfe1041\dbch\af25\langfenp1041 \loch\af2\dbch\af25\hich\f2 \rquote }{\b\i\lang3081\langfe1041\dbch\af25\langfenp1041 \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 
ve sharpened soldiers}{\b\i\lang3081\langfe1041\dbch\af25\langfenp1041 \loch\af2\dbch\af25\hich\f2 \rquote }{\b\i\lang3081\langfe1041\dbch\af25\langfenp1041 \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2  swords often}{\lang3081\langfe1041\dbch\af25\langfenp1041 
\hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 , over and over.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 Now I learned how he had felt. I laid the pistol on the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 table so quickly I nearly lost hold of it, then walked around
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 and around it as though \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 it had been a snake coiled to strike.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang3081\langfe1041\dbch\af25\langfenp1041 \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 It was shorter than my hand, and so prettily made that it
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang3081\langfe1041\dbch\af25\langfenp1041 \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 might have been a piece of jewel}{\lang3081\langfe1041\dbch\af25\langfenp1041 
\hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 e}{\lang3081\langfe1041\dbch\af25\langfenp1041 \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 ry; yet every line of it told of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 an origin beyond the nearer stars. Its silver had not yellowed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 with time, but might have come \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 fresh from the buffing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 wheel. It was covered with decorations that were, perhaps,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 writing could not really tell which, and to eyes like mine,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 accustomed to patterns of straight lines and curves, they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 sometimes appeared to be no more than complex or shimmer\hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 ing reflections, save that they were reflections of some-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 thing not present. The grips were encrusted with black stones
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 whose name I did not know, gems like tourmalines but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 brighter. After a time I noticed that one, the smallest of all,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 seemed to vanish un\hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 less I looked at it straight on, when
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 it sparkled with four-rayed brilliancy. Examining it more
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 closely, I found it was not a gem at all, but a minute lens
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 through which some inner fire shone. The pistol retained its
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 charge then, after so many centuries.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang3081\langfe1041\dbch\af25\langfenp1041 \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 Illogical though it might be, the knowledge reassured me.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang3081\langfe1041\dbch\af25\langfenp1041 \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 A weapon may be dangerous to its user in two ways: by
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 wounding him by accident, or by failing him. The first remained; but when I saw the brightness of that point of light,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 I knew the second could b\hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 e dismissed.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 There was a sliding stud under the barrel that seemed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af25\loch\f2 likely to control the intensity of the discharge. My first
\par }{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thought was that whoever had last handled it would probably
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have set it to maximum intensity, and that by reversing the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 setting I\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  would be able to experiment with some safety. But
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it was not so\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 the stud was positioned at the centre of its
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 range. At last I decided, by analogy with a bowstring, that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the pistol was likely to be least dangerous when the stud was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as far toward as possibl\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e. I put it there, pointed the weapon
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at the fireplace, and pulled the trigger.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The sound of a shot is the most horrible in the world. It is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the scream of matter itself. Now the report was not loud, but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 threatening, like distant thunder. For an instant\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 s\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 o brief a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 time I might almost have believed I dreamed it\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 a narrow
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cone of violet flashed between the muzzle of the pistol and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the heaped wood. Then it was gone, the wood was blazing,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and slabs of burned and twisted metal fell with the noise of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cracked bell\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s from the back of the fireplace. A rivulet of silver
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ran out onto the hearth to scorth the mat and send up nauseous 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 smoke.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I put the pistol into the sabretache of my new journey-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 man's habit.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 XXXVII
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Across the River Again}{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 BEFORE DAWN, Roche \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was at my door, with Drotte and Eata.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Drotte was the oldest of us, yet his face and flashing eyes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 made him seem younger than Roche. He was still the very
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 picture of wiry strength, but I could not help but notice that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I was now taller than he by the width o\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 f two fingers. I must
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 surely have been so already when I left the Citadel, though I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had not been conscious of it. Eata was still the smallest, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not yet even a journeyman\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 so I had only been away one
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 summer, after all. He seemed a bit dazed when he greete\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me, and I suppose he was having trouble believing I was now
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Autarch, particularly since he had not seen me again until
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 now, when I was once more dressed in the habit of the guild.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had told Roche that the three of them were to be armed;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he and Drotte c\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 arried swords similar in form (though vastly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 inferior in workmanship) to Terminus Est, and Eata a clava I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 recalled having seen displayed at our Masking Day festivities.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Before I had seen the fighting in the north, I would have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thought them well-enough equi\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pped; now all three, not only
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Eata, seemed like boys burdened with sticks and pinecones,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ready to play at war.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 For the last time we went out through the rent in the wall
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and threaded the paths of bone that wound among the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cypresses and tombs. The death ro\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ses I had hesitated to pick
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 for Thecla still showed a few autumnal blooms, and I found
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 myself thinking of Morwenna, the only woman whose life I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have ever taken, and of her enemy, Eusebia.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 When we had passed the gate of the necropolis and entered 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the squa\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lid city streets, my companions seemed to become 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 almost lighthearted. I think they must have been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 subconsciously afraid they would be seen by Master Gurloes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and punished in some way for having obeyed the Autarch.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I hope you're not planning on going for \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a swim," Drotte
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 said. "These choppers would sink us."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Roche chuckled. "Eata can float with his."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "We're going far to the north. Well need a boat, but I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 think well be able to hire one if we walk along the embankment."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "If anybody will rent to us. And if \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we're not arrested. You
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 know. Autarch\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 "
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Severian," I reminded him. "For as long as I wear these
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 clothes."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 Severian, we're only supposed to carry these things to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the block, and it will take a lot of talking to make the peltasts
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 think three of us are ne\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cessary. Will they know who you are?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I don't-"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 This time it was Eata who interrupted him, pointing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 toward the river. "Look, there's a boat!"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Roche bellowed, all three waved, and I held up one of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 chrisos I had borrowed from the castellan, turning it s\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 o it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would flash in the sunlight that was then just beginning to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 show over the towers behind us. The man at the tiller waved
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 his cap, and what appeared to be a slender lad sprang forward
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to put the dipping lugsails on the other tack.
\par \tab 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 She was two-masted,\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  rather narrow of beam and low of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 freeboard\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 an ideal craft, no doubt, for running untaxed merchandise 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 past the patrol cutters that had suddenly become
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mine. The grizzled old moonraker of a steersman looked capable 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of much worse, and the slender "lad" was\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  a girl with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 laughing eyes and a facility for looking from them sidelong.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Well, this 'pears to be a day," the steersman said when he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 saw our habits. "I thought you was in mournin', I did, till I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 got up close. Eyes? I never heard of 'um, no more than a cr\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ow
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in court."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "We are,' I told him as I got on board. It gave me a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ridiculous pleasure to find I had not lost the sea legs I had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 acquired on the }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Samru}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 , and to watch Drotte and Roche grab
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to the sheets when the lugger rocked beneath their weight.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Mind if \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I've a look at that yellow boy? Just to see if he's
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 good. I'll send him right home."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I tossed him the coin, which he rubbed and bit and at last
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 surrendered with a respectful look.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "We may need your boat all day."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "For the yellow boy, you can have her all n\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ight too. We'll
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 both be glad of the company, like the undertaker remarked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to the ghost. There was things in the river up till first light,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 which I suppose might have something to do with you optimates 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 being out on the water this mornin?'
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Cast off," I sa\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 id. "You can tell me, if you will, what these
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 strange things were while we are under way."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Although he had broached the subject himself, the steers-
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 man seemed reluctant to go into much detail\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 perhaps only
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 because he had difficulty in finding words to expr\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ess what he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had felt and to describe what he had seen and heard. There
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was a light west wind, so that with the lugger's batten-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stiffened sails drawn taut we were able to, run upstream handily. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The brown girl had little to do but sit in the bow and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 trade \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 glances with Eata. (It is possible she thought him, in his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dirty grey shirt and trousers, only a paid attendant of ours.)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The steersman, who called himself her uncle, kept a steady
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pressure on the tiller as he talked, to keep the lugger from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 flying off the\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  wind.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I'll tell you what I saw myself, like the carpenter did when
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he had the shutter up. We was eight or nine leagues north of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 where you hailed us. Clams was our cargo, you see, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 there's no stoppin' with them, not when there's a chance of a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 warm aft\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ernoon. We goes down to the lower river and buys
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 them off the diggers, do you see, then runs them up the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 channel quick so's they can be et before they goes bad. If
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 they goes off you lose all, but you make double or better it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you can sell them good.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I've\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  spent more nights on the river in my life than any-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 where else\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 it's my bedroom, you might say, and this boat's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my cradle, though I don't usually get to sleep until mornin'.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 But last night-sometimes I felt like I wasn't on old Gyoll at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 all, but on some oth\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 er river, one that run up into the sky, of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 under the ground.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I doubt you noticed unless you was out late, but it was a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 still night with just little breaths of wind that would blow for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 about as long as it takes a man to swear, then die down, then
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 blow ag\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ain. There was mist too, thick as cotton. It hung over
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the water the way mists always does, with about so much
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dear space as you could roll a keg through between it and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "river. Most of the time we couldn't see the lights on either
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shore, just the mist.\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  I used to have a horn I blowed for those
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that couldn't see our lights, but it went over the side last
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 year, and being copper it sunk. So I shouted last night, when-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ever I felt like there was another boat or anything close by us.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "About a watch after th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e mist came I let Maxellindis go to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sleep. Both sails was set, and when each puff of air come we
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would go up river a bit, and then I'd set out the anchor again.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 You maybe don't know it, optimates, but the rule of the river
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 is that them that's goin' up keep\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s to the sides and them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that's goin' down takes the middle. We was goin' up and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ought to have been over to the east bank, but with the mist I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 couldn't tell.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Then I heard sweeps. I looked in the mist, but I couldn't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 see lights, and I hollered so they'd sh\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eer off. I leaned over the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gunnel and put my ear close to the water so's to hear better.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 A mist soaks up noises, but the best hearin' you can ever have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Is when you gets your head under one, because the noise run;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 right along the water. Anyway, I did that, \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and she was a big
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 one. You can't count how many sweeps there is with a good
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 crew pullin', because they all go in and come up together
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but when a big vessel goes fast you can hear water breakin
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 under her bow, and this was a big one. I got up on top of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eckhouse tryin' to see her, but there still wasn't any lights
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 though I knew she had to be close.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Just when I was climbin' down I caught the sight of her-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a galleass, four-masted and four-banked, no lights, comin
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 right up the channel, as near as I could \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fudge. Pray for them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that's comin' down, thinks I to myself, like the ox said when
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 \hich\f2 he fell out of the riggin\'94\loch\f2 .
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Of course I only saw her for a minute before she was gone
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in the mist again, but I heard her a long while after. Seein
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 her like that made me f\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eel so queer I yelled every once in a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 while even if no other craft was by. We had made another
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 half league, I suppose, or maybe a little less, when I heard
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 somebody yell back. Only it wasn't like answerin' my hail,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but like somebody'd laid a rope end to hi\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 m. I called again,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and he called back regular, and it was a man I know named
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Trason what has his own boat just like I do. 'Is it you?' he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 called, and I said it was and asked if he was all right. 'Tie up!
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he says.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I told him I couldn't. I had clams, and \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 even if the night
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was cool, I wanted to sell soon as I could. Tie up,\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2  Trason
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 calls again. Tie up and go ashore.' So I call back, 'Why don't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you?' Just then he come in sight, and there was more on his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 boat than I would've thought it would hold\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 pandours, I'\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 d
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have said, but every pandour ever I saw had a face brown as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mine or nearly, and these was white as the mist. They had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 scorpions and voulges\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 I could see the heads of them stickin'
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 up over the crests of their helmets."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I interrupted him to ask if the sold\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 iers he had seen were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 starved looking and if they had large eyes.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He shook his head, one corner of his mouth twisting up.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "They was big men, bigger than you or me or anybody in this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 boat, a head taller than Trason. Anyway, they were gone in a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 moment, just\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  like the galleass. That was the only other craft I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 saw till the mist lifted. But..."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I said, "But you saw something else. Or heard something."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He nodded. "I thought maybe you and your people here
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was out because of them. Yes, I saw and I heard things.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 T\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 here was things in this river I never saw before. Maxellindis,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 when she woke up and I told her about it, said it was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ac manatees. They're pale in moonlight and look human
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 enough if you don't come too close. But I've seen 'em since I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was a boy and never bee\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 n fooled once. And there was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 women's voices, not loud but big. And something else. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 couldn't understand what any of 'em was sayin', but I could
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hear the tone of it. You know how it is when you're listenin'
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to people over the water? They would say }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 so-and-s\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 o-and so,}{\dbch\af23 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Then the deeper voice\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 I can't call it a man's because I don't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 think it was one\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 the deeper voice'd say }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 go-and-do-that-and-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 this-and-tha}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t I heard the women's voices three times and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 other voice twice. You won't believe it, optimates, but some-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 imes it sounded like the voices was coming up out of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 river."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 With that he fell silent, looking out over the nenuphars.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 We were well above that part of Gyoll opposite the Citadel,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but they were still packed more densely than wildflowers in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 any meadow t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 his side of paradise.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Citadel itself was visible now as a whole, and for all its
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 vastness seemed a glittering flock fluttering upon the hill, its
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 thousand metal towers ready to leap into the air at a word.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Below them the necropolis spread an embroide\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ry of mingled
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 white and green. I know it is fashionable to speak in tones of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 faint disgust of the "unhealthy" growth of the lawns and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 trees in such places, but I have never observed that there is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 actually anything unhealthy about it. Green things die that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 men may live, and men die that green things may live, even
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that ignorant and innocent man I killed with his own axe
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 there long ago. All our foliage is faded, so it is said, and no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 doubt it is so; and when the New Sun comes, his bride, the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 New Urth, will gi\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ve glory to him with leaves like emeralds.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 But in the present day, the day of the old sun and old Urth, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have never seen any other green so deep as the great pines' in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the necropolis when the wind swells their branches. They
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 draw their strength from the d\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eparted generations of man-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 kind, and the masts of argosies, that are built up of many
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 trees, are not so high as they.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Sanguinary Field stands far from the river. We four
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 drew strange looks as we journeyed there, but no one halted
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 us. The Inn of Lost\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  Loves, which had ever seemed to me the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 least permanent of the houses of men, still stood as it had on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the afternoon when I had come there with Agia and Dorcas.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The fat innkeeper very nearly fainted when he saw us; I made
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 him fetch Ouen, the waiter.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  never really looked at him on that afternoon when
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he had carried in a tray for Dorcas, Agia, and me. I did so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 now. He was a balding man about as tall as Drotte, thin and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 somehow pinched looking; his eyes were deep blue, and there
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was a delicacy to the mou\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lding of his eyes and mouth that I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 recognized at once.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Do you know who we are?" I asked him.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Slowly, he shook his head.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Have you never had a torturer to serve?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Once this spring, sieur," he said. "And I know these two
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 men in black are torturers. But\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  you're no torturer, sieur,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 though you're dressed like one."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I let that pass. "You have never seen me?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "No, sieur."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Very well, perhaps you have not." (How strange it was to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 realize that I had changed so much.) "Ouen, since you do not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 know me, it might\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  be well if I knew you. Tell me where you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 were born and who your parents were, and how you came to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 be employed at this inn."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "My father was a shopkeeper, sieur. We lived in Oldgate,
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 on the west bank. When I was ten or so, I think, he sent me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to an inn to b\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e a potboy, and I've worked in one or another
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 since."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Your father was a shopkeeper. What of your mother?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ouen's face still held a waiter's deference, but his eyes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 were puzzled, "I never knew her, sieur. Cas they called her,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but she died when I was youn\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 g. In childbirth, my father
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 said.'
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "But you know what she looked like."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He nodded. "My father had a locket with her likeness.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Once when I was twenty or so I came to see him and found
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 out he'd pledged it I'd come into a bit of money then helping 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a certai\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 n optimate with his affairs\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 carrying messages to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the ladies and standing watch outside doors and so on, and I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 went to the pawnbroker's and paid the pledge and took it. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 still wear it, sieur. In a place like ours, where there's so many
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in 'n out all the ti\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me, it's best to keep your valuables about
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He leached into his shirt and drew out a locket of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cloisonn^ enamel. The pictures inside were of Dorcas in full
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 face and profile, a Dorcas hardly younger than the Dorcas I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had known.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You say you became a\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  potboy at ten, Ouen. But you can
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 read and write."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "A bit, sieur." He looked embarrassed. "I've asked people,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 various times, what writing said. I don't forget much."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You wrote something when the torturer was here this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 spring," I told him. ^Do you recall\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  what you wrote?"
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Frightened, he shook his head. "Only a note to warn the
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 girl."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I do. It was. The woman with you has been here before.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Do not trust her. Trudo says the man is a torturer. You are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my mother come again.' "                         
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ouen tuc\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ked his locket under his shirt. "It was only that
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 she was so much like her, sieur. When I was a younger man, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 used to think that someday I'd find such a woman. I told
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 myself, you know, that I was a better man than my father,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and he had, after all. -But I \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 never did, and now I'm not so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sure I'm a better man."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "At that time, you did not know what a torturer's habit
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 looked like," I said. "But your friend Trudo, the ostler, knew.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He knew a good deal more about torturers than you, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that was why he ran away."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Yes, sieur. When he heard the torturer was asking for
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 him, he did."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "But you saw the innocence of the girl and wanted to warn
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 her against the torturer and the other woman. You were right
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 about both of them, perhaps."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "If you say it, sieur."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Do you know, \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ouen, you look a bit like her."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The fat innkeeper had been listening more or less openly.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Now he chuckled. "He looks more like you!"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I am afraid I turned to stare at him.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "No offense intended, sieur, but it's true. He's a bit older,
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 but when you were talk\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ing I saw both your faces from the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 side, and there isn't a patch of difference."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I studied Ouen again. His hair and eyes were not dark like
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mine, but with that colouring aside, his face might almost
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have been my own.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You said you never found a woman like\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  Dorcas-like that
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 one in your locket. Still you found a woman, I think."
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 His eyes would not meet mine. "Several, sieur."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "And fathered a child."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "No, sieur!" He was startled. "Never, sieur!"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "How interesting. Were you ever in difficulties with the
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 law?"
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "S\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 everal times, sieur."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "It is well to keep your voice low, but it need not be so low
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as that. And look at me when you speak to me. A woman you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 loved\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 or perhaps only one who loved you\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 a dark woman-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was taken once?"
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Once, sieur," he said. "Yes, sieur. Cathe\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rine was her
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 name. Its sin old-fashioned name, they tell me." He paused
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and shrugged. "There was trouble, as you say, sieur. She'd run
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 off from some order of monials. The law got her, and I never
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 saw her again."
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He did not want to come, but we brought hi\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 m with us
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 when we returned to the lugger.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 When I had come upriver by night on the }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Samru}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 , the line
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 between the living and the dead city had been like that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 between the dark curve of the world and the celestial
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dome with its stars. Now, when there was so muc\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 h more
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 light, it had vanished. Half-ruinous structures lined the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 banks, but whether they were the homes of the most
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wretched of our citizens or mere deserted shells I could not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 determine until I saw a string on which three rags flapped.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "In the guild we \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have the ideal of poverty," I said to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Drotte as we leaned on the gunnel. "But those people do not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 need the ideal; they have achieved it."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I should think they'd need it most of all," he answered.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He was wrong. The Increate was there, a thing beyond the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 H\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ierodules and those they serve; even on the river, I could
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 feel his presence as one feels that of the master of a great
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 house, though he may be in an obscure room on another
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 floor. When we went ashore, it seemed to me that if I were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to step through any doo\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rway there, I might surprise some
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shining figure; and that the commander of all such figures
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was everywhere invisible only because he was too large to be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seen.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 We found a man's sandal, worn but not old, lying in one
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the grass-grown streets. I said, "I\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 'm told there are looters
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wandering this place. That is one reason I asked you to come.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 If there were no one but myself involved, I would do it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 alone."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Roche nodded and drew his sword, but Drotte said,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "There's no one here. You've become a great deal wise\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 r than
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we are, Severian, but still, I think you've grown a little too
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 accustomed to things that terrify ordinary people."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tasked what he meant.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "You knew what the boatman was talking about. I could
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 see that in your face. You were afraid too, or at least\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  concerned. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 But not frightened like he was in his boat last night,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 or like Roche or Ouen there or I would have been if we'd
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 been close to the river and knew what was going on. The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 looters you're talking about were around last night, and they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 must keep a w\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 atch out for revenue boats. They won't be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 anywhere near water today, or for several days to come."
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Eata touched my arm. "Do you think that girl\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 Maxellindis
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 is she in danger, back there on the boat?"
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "She's not in as much danger as you are from her," I sa\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 id.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He did not know what I meant, but I did. His Maxellindis
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was not Thecla; his story could not be the same as my own.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 But I had seen the revolving corridors of Time behind the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gamin face with the laughing brown eyes. Love is a long labour
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 for torturers; \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and even if I were to dissolve the guild, Eata
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would become a torturer, as all men are, bound by the contempt 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 for wealth without which a man is less than a man,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 inflicting pain by his nature, whether he willed it or not. I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was sorry for him, and more sorr\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 y for Maxellindis the sailor
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 girl.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ouen and I went into the house, leaving Roche, Drotte,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and Eata to keep watch from some distance away. As we
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stood at the door, I could hear the soft sound of Dorcas's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 steps inside.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "We will not tell you who you are,"\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  I said to Ouen. "And
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we cannot tell you what you may become. But we are your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Autarch, and we tell you what you must do."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had no words for him, but I discovered I did not need
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 them. He knelt at once, as the castellan had.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "We brought the torturers with \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 us so that you might know
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 what was in store for you if you disobeyed us. But we do not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wish you to disobey, and now, having met you, we doubt
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 they were needed. There is a woman in this house. In a moment 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you will go in. You must tell her your story, as yo\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 u told
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it to us, and you must remain with her and protect her, even-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 if she tries to send you away."
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "I will do my best. Autarch," Ouen said.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "When you can, you must persuade her to leave this city
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of death. Until then, we give you this." I took out the \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pistol
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and handed it to him. "It is worth a cartload of chrisos, but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as long as you are here, it is far better for you to have than
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 chrisos. When you and the woman are safe, we will buy it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 back from you, if you wish." I showed him how to operate
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the pistol\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  and left him.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I was alone then, and I do not doubt that there are some
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 who, reading this too-brief account of a summer more than
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 normally turbulent, will say that I have usually been so.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Jonas, my only real friend, was in his own eyes merely a machine; 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Dorcas, whom I yet love, is in her own eyes merely a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 kind of ghost
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I do not feel it is so. We choose\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 or choose not\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 to be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 alone when we decide whom we will accept as our fellows,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and whom we will reject. Thus an eremite in a mountain
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cave is in company, \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 because the birds and coneys, the initiates 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 whose words live in his "forest books," and the winds\hich\f2 \emdash 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the messengers of the Increate\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 are his companions. Another
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 man, living in the midst of millions, may be alone, because
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 there are none but enemies and victim\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s around him.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Agia, whom I might have loved, has chosen instead to become 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a female Vodalus, taking all that lives most fully in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "humanity as her opponent I, who might have loved Agia,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 who loved Dorcas deeply but perhaps not deeply enough, was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 now alone \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 because I had become a part of her past, which she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 loved better than she had ever (except, I think, at first) loved
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 XXXVIII
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Resurrection}{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ALMOST NOTHING REMAINS to be told. Dawn has come, the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 red sun like a bloody eye. The Wind blows cold throug\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 h the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 window. In a few moments, a footman will carry in a steaming 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tray; with him, no doubt, will be old, twisted Father
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Inure eager to confer during the last few moments that remiain; 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 old Father Inire, alive so long beyond the span of his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 short-lived ki\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nd; old Father Inire, who will not, I fear, long
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 survive the red sun. How upset he will be to find I have been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sitting up writing all night here in the clerestory.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Soon I must don robes of argent, the colour that is more
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pure than white. Never mind.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 re will be long, slow days on the ship. I will read. I still
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have so much to learn. I will sleep, dozing in my berth, listening 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to the centuries wash against the hull. This manuscript I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shall send to Master Ultan; but while I am on the ship, when
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I cannot\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  sleep and have tired of reading, I shall write it out
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 again\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 I who forget nothing\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 every word, just as I have writ-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ten it here. I shall call it }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Book of the New Sun}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 , for that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 book, lost now for so many ages, is said to have predicted his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 coming. And whe\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 n it is finished again, I shall seal that second
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 copy in a coffer of lead and set it adrift on the seas of space
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and time.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Have I told you all I promised? I am aware that at various
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 places in my narrative I have pledged that this or that should
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 be made cl\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ear in the knitting up of the story. I remember
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 them all, I am sure, but then I remember so much else. Be-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fore you assume that I have cheated you, read again, as I will
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 write again.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Two things are clear to me. The first is that I am not the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 first Severia\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 n. Those who walk the corridors of Time saw him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gain the Phoenix Throne, and thus it was that the Autarch,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 having been told of me, smiled in the House Azure, and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 undine thrust me up when it seemed I must drown. (Yet
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 surely the first Severian did not; s\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 omething had already begun 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to reshape my life.) Let me guess now, though it is only, a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 guess, at the story of that first Severian
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 He too was reared by the torturers, I think. He too was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sent forth to Thrax. He too fled Thrax, and though he did
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not carry\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  the Claw of the Conciliator, he must have been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 drawn to the fighting in the north\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 no doubt he hoped to 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 escape the archon by hiding himself among the army. How
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 he encountered the Autarch there I cannot say, but encounter 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 him he did, and so, even as I, he\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  (who in the final sense
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was and is myself) became Autarch in turn and sailed beyond
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the candles of night. Then those who walk the corridors
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 walked back to the time when he was young, and my own
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 story\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 as I have given it here in so many pages\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 began.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The s\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 econd thing is this. He was not returned to his own
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 time but became himself a walker of the corridors. I know
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 now the identity of the man called the Head of Day, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 why Hildegrin, who was too near, perished when we met, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 why the witches fled. I know to\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 o in whose mausoleum I tarried 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as a child, that little building of stone with its rose, its
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fountain, and its flying ship all graven. I have disturbed my 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 own tomb, and now I go to lie in it.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 When Drotte, Roche, Eata, and I returned to the Citadel,
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I rec\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eived urgent messages from Father Inire and from the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Absolute, and yet I lingered. I asked the castellan for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 after much searching he produced one, large and old,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in many places. It showed the curtain wall whole, but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the names of the towers were not the nam\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 es I knew\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 or that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the castellan knew, for that matter\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 and there were towers on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that map that are not in the Citadel, and towers in the Citadel 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that were not on that map.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I ordered a flier then, and for half a day soared among the
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 No doubt I saw the place \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I sought many times, but if
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not recognize it.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 At last, with a bright and unfailing lamp, I went down into
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 our oubliette once more, down flight after flight of steps until
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had reached the lowest level. What is it, I wonder, that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 has given so great a powe\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 r to preserve the past to under-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ground places? One of the bowls in which I had carried soup
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to Triskele was there still. (Triskele, who had stirred back to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 life beneath my hand two years before I bore the Claw.) I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 followed Triskele's footprints once more,\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  as I had when still
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 an apprentice, to the forgotten opening, and from there my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 own into the dark maze of tunnels.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Now in the steady light of my lamp I saw where I had lost
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the track, running straight on when Triskele had turned
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 aside. I was tempted then \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to follow him instead of myself, so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that I might see where he had emerged, and in that way
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 perhaps discover who it was who had befriended him and to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 whom he used to return after greeting me, sometimes, in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 byways of the Citadel. Possibly when I come bac\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 k to Urth I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shall do so, if indeed I do come back.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 But once again, I did not turn aside. I followed the boy-
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Man I had been, down a straight corridor floored with mud
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 And pierced at rare intervals with forbidding vents and doors.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Severian I pursued wo\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 re ill-fitting shoes with run-down
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Heels and worn soles; when I turned and flashed my light
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 behind me, I observed that though the Severian who pursued
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 him had excellent boots, his steps were of unequal length any
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the toe of one foot dragged at each. I thou\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ght. One Severian
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had good boots, the other good legs. And I laughed to myself, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wondering who should come here in after years, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 whether he would guess that the same feet left both tracks.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 To what use these tunnels were once put, I cannot say.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Several \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 times I saw stairs that had once descended farther
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 still, but always they led to dark, calm water. I found a skeleton,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 its bones scattered by the running feet of Severian, but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it was only a skeleton, and told me nothing. In places there"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 was writing on the\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  walls, writing in faded orange or sturdy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 black; but it was in a character I could not read, as unintelligible 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as the scrawlings of the rats in Master Ultan^ library. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 A few of the rooms into which I looked held walls in 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 which there had once ticked a tho\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 usand or more docks of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 various kinds, and though all were dead now, their chimes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 silenced and their hands corroded at hours that would never
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 come again, I thought them good omens for one who sought
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the Atrium of Time.                                     
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 And at last I found it. The little spot of sunshine was just
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as I had remembered it. No doubt I acted foolishly, but I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 extinguished my lamp and stood for a moment in the dark,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 looking at it. All was silence, and its bright, uneven square
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 seemed at least a\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s mysterious as it had before.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I had feared I would have difficulty in. squeezing through
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 its narrow crevice, but if the present Severian was somewhat
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 larger of bone, he was also leaner, so that when I had worked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 my shoulders through the rest followed eas\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ily enough.      
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The snow I recalled was gone, but a chill had come into
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the air to say that it would soon return. A few dead leaves
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 which must have been carried in some updraft very high indeed, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 had come to rest here among the dying roses. The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tilted d\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ials still cast their crazy shadows, useless as the dead
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 docks beneath them, though not so unmoving. The carver
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 animals stared at them, unwinking still.                   
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I crossed to the door and tapped on it. The timorous old
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 woman who had served us ap\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 peared, and I, stepping into that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 musty room in which I had warmed myself before, told her to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bring Valeria to me. She hurried away, but before she was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 out of sight, something had wakened in the time-worn walls,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 its disembodied voices, hundred-tongued, dem\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 anding that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Valeria report to some antiquely titled personage who I realized 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with a start must be myself.
\par 
\par \tab 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Here my pen shall halt, reader, though I do not. I have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 carried you from gate to gate\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 from the locked and fog-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 shrouded gate of the necropolis of\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  Nessus to that cloud-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 racked gate we call the sky, the gate that shall lead me, as I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hope, beyond the nearer stars.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "My pen halts, though I do not. Reader, you will walk no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 more with me. It is time we both take up our lives.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 To this account, I, Severian\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  the Lame, Autarch, do set my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hand in what shall be called the last year of the old sun.
\par }{\b\fs24\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 APPENDIX
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Arms of the Autarch and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ships of the Hierodules}{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 NOWHERE ARE THE manuscripts of The Book of the New Sun
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 more obscure than in their treatment of\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  weapons and military 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 organization.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The confusion concerning the equipment of Severian's allies 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and adversaries appears to derive, from two sources, of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 which the first is his marked tendency to label every variation
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in design or purpose with a separate\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  name. In translating 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 these, I have endeavoured to bear in mind the radical meaning 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the words employed as well as what I take to be the appearance 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and function of the weapons themselves. Thus 
\par }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 falchion}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 , }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fuscina}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 , and many others. At one point I have p
\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ut
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 athame}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 , the warlock's sword, into Agia's hands.         
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The second source of difficulty seems to be that three
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 quite different gradations of technology are involved. The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lowest of these could be termed the smith level. The arms
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 produced by it app\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ear to consist of swords, knives, axes, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pikes, such as might have been forged by any skilled metal-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 worker of, say, the fifteenth century. These appear to be 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 readily obtained by the average citizen and to represent the 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 technological ability of the so\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ciety as a whole.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The second gradation might be called the Urth level. The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 long cavalry weapons I have chosen to call }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lances, conti}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 , and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 so on undoubtedly belong to this group, as do the "spears"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with which the hastarii menaced Severian outside the door \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the antechamber and other arms used by infantry. How
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 widely available such weapons were is not clear from the text,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 which at one point speaks of "arrows" and "long-shafted
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 khetens" being offered for sale in Nessus. It seems certain
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that Guasachts irregu\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lars were issued their conti before bat-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 battle and that these were collected and stored somewhere (possibly 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in his tent) afterward. Perhaps it should be noted that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 small arms were issued and collected in this way in the navies
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the eighteenth and ninet\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eenth centuries^ although cutlasses 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and firearms could be freely purchased ashore. The arbalests 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 used by Agia's assassins outside the mine are surely
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 what I have called Urth weapons, but it is likely these men
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 were deserters.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Urth weapons, then, ap\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pear to represent the highest
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 technology to be found on the planet, and perhaps in its
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 solar system. How efficient they would be in comparison with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 our own arms is difficult to say. Armour appears to be not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 wholly ineffective against them, but precisely th\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 is is true with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 regard to our rifles, carbines, and submachine guns.
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The third gradation I would call the stellar level: The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 pistol given Thea by Vodalus and the one given Ouen by
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Severian are unquestionably stellar weapons, but about many
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 arms mentioned \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in the manuscript we cannot be so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sure. Some, or even all, of the artillery used in the mountain
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 war may be stellar. The }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fusils}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  and }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 jezails}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 
 carried by special
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 troops on both sides may or may not belong to this gradation, 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 though I am inclined to think they\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  do.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 It seems fairly clear that stellar weapons could not be produced 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 on Urth and had to be obtained from the Hierodules
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at great cost. An interesting question\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 to which I can offer no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 certain answer\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 concerns the goods given in exchange. The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Urth of the \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 old sun seems, by our standards, destitute of raw
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 materials; when Severian speaks of mining, he appears to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mean what we should call archaeological pillaging, and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 new continents said (in Dr. Talos's play) to be ready to rise,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with the coining of the New\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  Sun have among their attractions 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "gold, silver, }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 iron}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 , and }{\b\i\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 copper}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  . . ." (Italics added,)

\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Saves\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 some slavery certainly exists in Severian's society-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 furs, meat and other foodstuffs, and labour-intensive items
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 such as handmade jewellery would appear to be \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 among the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 possibilities.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 We would like to know more about almost everything
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 mentioned in these manuscripts; but most of all, certainly,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we would like to know more about the ships that sail between 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the stars, commanded by the Hierodules but sometimes 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cr\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ewed by human beings. (Two of the most enigmatic
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 figures in the manuscripts, Jonas and Hethor, seem once to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 have been such crewmen.) But here the translator is forced
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 against one of the most maddening of all his difficulties\hich\f2 \emdash 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Severian's failure to distingu\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ish clearly between space-going
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and ocean-going craft.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Irritating though it is, it seems quite natural, given his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 circumstances. If a distant continent is as remote as the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 moon, then the moon is no more remote than a distant continent. 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Furthermore, the \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 star-travelling ships appear to be propelled 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 by light pressure on immense sails of metal foil, so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that an applied science of masts, cables, and spars is common
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to ships of both kinds. Presumably, since many skills \{and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 perhaps most of all that of enduring\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  long periods of isolation) 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 would be required equally on both types of craft, crew-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 men from vessels that would only excite our contempt may
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sign aboard others whose capabilities would astonish us. One
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 notes that the captain of Severian's lugger shares so\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 me of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Jonas's habits of speech.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 And now, a final comment. In my translations and in these
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 appendixes I have attached to them, I have attempted to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 eschew all speculations; it seems to me that now, near the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dose of seven years' labour, I may be permitted o\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ne. It is that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the ability to traverse hours and aeons possessed by these
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ships may be no more than the natural consequence of their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ability to penetrate interstellar and even intergalactic space,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and to escape the death throes of the universe; and that to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 travel thus in time may not be so complex and difficult an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 affair as we are prone to suppose. It is possible that from the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 beginning Severian had some presentiment of his future.
\par 
\par }{\b\fs28\dbch\af23 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 G.W.
\par }{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\lang3081\langfe1041\dbch\af25\langfenp1041 
\par }{\lang3081\langfe1041\dbch\af25\langfenp1041 
\par }{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }}