"Hm, ok. Let’s see."

I used to be a writer. Well, I aspired to be. I grew up on a beach just like this on some third-world country, migrated to a developed one, and uh, continued my studies abroad, I guess.”

The bonfire burned lively. Everyone seemed disinterested in contrast. A feeling that none of them were really listening crept up with the smoke and soot. Still, I carried on.

"By the time I got my degree, it was a little too late, you know. Kyu, the quantum cloud compute meta-learning operator? Already everywhere. You guys weren’t hiring good old-fashioned human programmers anymore. What a waste, right? Heh.”

I don’t blame them. I myself find this pointless.

“But I've always been passionate about fiction of all kinds. That's why I did more book contracts and ghost writings than bug fixes or network stress tests.”

Pointless, because they told me we’re only here for the sake of the crazy Evangelist’s sanity. I heard he begged them to start this little support group. The “Dreamwakers Anonymous.” Cheesy, but it’s perfect.

“I learned the local language, gained relevant experience with a decent income, joined a few book club groupies, partied occasionally, then I was 25. I haven't even finished drafting my own first when one day, I started hearing things that weren’t there. It felt real and surreal at the same time. I thought it was just the uppers from last night's rager, but I'm not taking any chances. It was always Kyu’s new invention if not The Thaw’s new victims on TV. The threat of ancient plagues freed from their glacial prisons in Antarctica is scary enough without the mass layoffs. I visited my lovely doctor. Just as a precaution. Then the results came back. It came as a surprise that a tumor the size of a peanut could do this much, uh, damage. She said it’s benign. But I could feel it. Spreading.”

Perfect, because we’re a couple short of two dozen sick millionaires who slept on a frozen bed, hoping for miracle cures promised by experts to come in the next decade, only to wake up gasping for toxic air on a world where we’re no longer welcome. Still, who knew adding a virtual reality interface actually made it so much more fun than just dying slowly in a cryopreservation coffin?

“She gave me two years and a list of five different treatment options from eight different hospitals. I was _not_ gonna wait that long. I _refused_ to suffer the cheap chemo that, for all I knew, might not have worked at all. Not knowing for sure whether or not I’ll wake up tomorrow? It drove me mad more than the headaches and hallucinations ever did. So as soon as I could, I lump-summed my basic income, advanced all of my remaining monthly salaries...”

Dreamwalker was the name of the floating fridge we all got iced in together. The “L” that eroded on the hull upon re-entry proved more than enough as a symbolic decor for the front gate of our meager town of ex-millionaries. Anyway, this is us now – twenty-two insanely wealthy, dastardly diseased, self-absorbed individuals, furthering our own agendas, and striving for personal success despite being denied our bright futures twice… no, thrice, in one lifetime: once when gerontoctomy experts failed to cure aging, another when we found out we only have a handful of years left. And to top it all off, we unintentionally outlived everyone who might’ve been able to help us.

“The migraines worsened right after the first time I fainted. Started dreaming I was awake and progressing nicely with my book, among other things I wouldn’t normally do. In those dreams, I always had a friend who would do something weird and funny. I'd often wake up hysterical. A little short on breathe with all the laughing. So maybe it's not as bad as it could've been...”

By the time we woke up, the world we knew was gone for God knows how long already. A calmer, stronger, cleaner one took its place. Evidence of how the planet worked tirelessly to forget about those who aimlessly destroyed it can be seen as far as human eyes can. This plentiful land was clearly not meant for us. We were the absolute worst examples of humanity, given the grandest moral responsibility to resurrect our own species, and I couldn’t help but smirk at the irony while I sat here, staring at the fire, forced to share my pathetic life before all this.

“... because THAT’s when I met this guy. Real nice fixer-upper. The Wallstreet Houdini of the late 21st century. He skyrocketed my humble capital nearly a hundred times over. I can’t tell you how he did it. I can only tell you, _he_ succeeded… because I’m here talking about it.”

I tapped the back of the Broker sitting next to me, raising my voice, loud as I can. A hail Mary for their expensive attention. However, just like this whole storytelling session, it didn't work. I got why some were already banging heads in the air, but what bothered me was that nobody flinched. It's like I’m writing again. Weaving plots, imagining scenes for my most attentive audience – none other than myself. How the rich folk couldn’t even pretend to listen is honestly the most unsettling thing I might never ever understand.

“I know. Shame I didn't have many stories deserving of being told tonight. I’m sure you expected more from another millionaire like you all were, so, I’m sorry. Really.”

Suddenly, all eyes glared at the guy that said “millionaire”. Even the eyeless Admiral turned his head in my direction. I felt a gaudy spotlight right over my head. I’d be lying if I said I didn’t wet myself a little when it finally sank in why: these people were _nothing_ like me. They’re multimillionaires, billionaires, or maybe even trillionaires. I defended myself the only way I knew how.

“What? I was looking forward to a new Neuralink update so I can flash into a new body when I wake. Didn’t go as planned, if you haven’t noticed.”

Just like that, they’re back to their nonchalance. And just like them, I don’t want to be here any longer. I was officially embarrassed. A bit nice, though. A few were actually listening. Having the first impression of being nothing other than “that lucky guy” was good enough for my first day. Now I just needed to walk the high ground and wrap it up to save face for tomorrow. If there'll even be one for me.

“... so when the Broker told me my shares reached our target, I cashed out right away, bought a spot in the ice beds, and dreamed of my old life while waiting for a cure. Not much after that, I woke up where the twins found me, struggling to stand up somewhere I didn’t fall asleep. About 700 million years later, as our Miner here explained to me, I’m still dreadfully sick like most of you. But, yeah. I’m still thankful I’m alive to bore you with my story, under duress, every night, for the last year of my cancer-ridden life.”

I leered at the crazy Evangelist as I said those words, insisting to continue this week-long tradition of a dream-waking nightmare without anonymity. I sighed in relief, bowed my head, and tucked my lip. I anticipated the strangely encouraging catchphrase that all support groups say to whoever’s sharing until I remembered that these people were far from the likes of the recovering alcoholics who would let themselves be vulnerable. They might be broken and dying like me, but that’s it. These were cunning, entitled, driven individuals who earned their place in the world not by listening to anyone who wasn’t them, but by powering through against all odds. Or simply inheriting ungodly fortunes. Their sense of importance, amplified by their moral responsibility, led them to build a state-of-the-art tent with an ice bed for each ill yet ill-mannered member in a span of seven 28-hour days. Just as I faced my peers again, half were already snoring, some were whispering to their seatmates, others were just plainly unattentive, and the rest were still glaring at me with judgmental eyes.

“I know my awakening was unexpected, so, uh, can we all just, go to bed now, please? I’m sure Jumbo’s mom and dad over there’d understand.”

As I waited for this night to be over, I started wondering if the 6-foot tall, long-necked, elephant-shaped automata also needed their own time to recharge. Why did I even bother? I was perfectly fine finishing my tent with them, unlike the rude ones in this 'lil circle of sick fucks. Granted, the jolly robots with a steampunk aesthetic 3D-printed most of my furniture; but hey, I was the one who really wracked his failing brain to design these, just as the Machinist ordered me to. And the question-and-answer portion has just begun. As if this night isn’t eventful enough.

“While you were on ice, you said you dreamed about your old life?”

The Crewmate raised his twitchy hand and asked. As impossible as it was for him to focus, he was one of those paying attention after all. What better way to appreciate a good question than gratify it with a witty answer?

“Something like that. It’s not my life, per se; more like, what my life could’ve been. The details are blurry. I only remember waking up at my desk, drooling on a pile of papers, my head hurting like hell, and a muffled voice telling me another weird story that would wake me up with a good laugh. Why do you ask?”

I tried to describe the clearest parts of my dreams as best as I could. But I think it’s not really what he wanted to know.

“We’ve had six long campfire stories like this before you woke up. We’re not even sure you’re going to, or if we’re gonna allow you to. All we had were faint memories of our cold beds, unable to move a muscle. The smell of cryopreservatives blending with the muffled sound of blaring alarms. Either way, none of us had dreams. Why do you?”

And the mind games with a ragtag group of sociopaths marked my initiation into it. It was a trick question I could not have known. Regardless, I shot for the perfect response at social redemption.

“Not everyone here has a brain tumor. That can’t be dismissed as a factor, right?”

Seeking validation from the others didn’t help ease their suspicions about my story – and by extension, my character. Some of them agreed, I think. With the squint-eyed nods I received, it’s pretty hard to tell. They must be tired after twenty hours of chores. Nonetheless, the night was young. We’re all entitled to eight whole hours of shut eye. It must've been a struggle to lend an ear to another stranger who’s too late for the party. The Evangelist stood up, yawned, stretched, and walked up to me.

“Mhm. You know brother, I must admit. I was diagnosed with an advanced schizotypal disorder in my last life. Now, my wife here has polyneuropathy. Nerves on her skin just stopped working, you know. She don't feel no pain, no pleasure, no hot or cold, no nothing, yet she’s always been my rock. D’you wanna know what kept us together, all them years?”

From the log I was sitting on, I met his gaze and received his words of affirmation. He’s got that inspiring voice, that properly condescending tone, and that excellent choice of words all successful public speakers share. Plus, his support group seemed to work. They’ve been doing this for a week now, and frankly, I doubt they could have built this village if some sort of understanding – which I knew nothing about – had been put in place along the way. Unlucky for me, it’s an understanding I might have violated by uttering “millionaire”.

“Honesty.”

My smile turned upside down, however, at the realization that he just called me a liar. I would’ve loved to roast this guy in a closed hearing if only his last word didn’t interrupt my yawn. I mean, who does that? Asking people to open up just to judge them? This crazy Evangelist, apparently. His Philanthropist wife walked him to their tent before a boiling hot argument ruined the mood. I looked down, rolled my eyes to a close, sighed another relief, and lifted my head again.

“Well. Any more questions? None?”

The way they showed their cynical behaviors made me feel small. Taking the initiative, I ended this awkward evening once, for all, and for everyone still here... but mostly for myself.

“So… that’s it, then. Who’s on lookout duty tonight?”

The First Lady of the Senator concluded the session. I ought to thank her properly tomorrow. I might just be imagining the predatory stares. Eh who am I kidding, I’ll still be thinking about it until I fall asleep. The Astronaut and Olivia walked up to their posts. I just sat there, quietly, defeated. My exhausted brain flooded with self-doubt and a burning question without an honest answer: how could I have said things better?

“That’ll be all. Thank you so much, everyone! Please wake Illenia and IT-Guy early tomorrow, should they fall asleep tonight.”

Thanks to Aunt Kar, I was saved from myself by wishing everyone else goodnight. Both the young woman holding a bronze box and the baggy-eyed dude watching her momentarily side-eyed the self-righteous grandma who called them out.

“Have a good night.”

I forced smiles to greet whoever stepped out of the circle next. I’ve been acquainted with most of them this afternoon. My smile muscles and social battery got a little worked up. Knowing I would be spending the rest of my short life with these people in this godforsaken world, my mind began to wander, again. With everything that made us who we were before we went on ice, gone, I felt like it was safe to say that this village is a hard reset for everyone – and most likely, for all of humanity as well. And by “hard”, I mean impossibly difficult. Not only do we need to work together, survive, and eventually find a way to thrive, all the while we must prevent each other from dying. Or worse.

---

Murmurs of the toughest crowd faded as they scattered back to their tents. I watched the last twigs in the bonfire turn to ash. I stayed a bit longer just sitting in the dark, alone, confused, already barely keeping it together. Looking up at the sky, I heard a voice behind me, struggling to say something. Instinctively, I turned towards the voice. I thought my hallucinations were kicking in again, but it was the Futurist, looking up at the same sky.

“It’sh hawd to believe we’w shtill on Eawth, wight?”

Even if he spooked me a little, I kept the weirded-out feeling to myself after understanding what he just said. He's consoling me. His s’s are sh’s and his r’s sound like w’s, but it was enough to get through. His desire to verbally comfort someone who’s obviously intimidated by all this, even if he physically couldn’t, calmed the storm my head was having. I knew right then and there: he deserves this second chance at rebuilding civilization more than anyone now resting in their lavish tents who merely bought that chance.

My respect for the Futurist and his kindness will be one thing I figured I’ll always have from now on. Besides, I totally agree. We’re somewhere on Earth, but we’re the aliens. The three clockwork elephants flying across this nicely painted black sky were evidence enough. Having an actual conversation felt like home somehow. Underneath shadows of innumerable broken satellites contrasting the unrecognizable constellations I’ve been looking at, I found a friend. I just hope I don't annoy him too much for the next months.

“Correct me if I’m wrong, but is that giant gem-like thing over there, the moon?”

I sat on the ground and leaned on the tree stump, gesturing to one of the billion unnatural things floating beyond the clouds.

“Uh-uh. Twish ash big, geodeshic domesh. Musht be a shellwowld.”

My new buddy nodded with a big underbite smile. I could see his gums shine through the rebreather he was wearing. My heart warmed at the glance of pure compassion. I looked back at the sky, filled with as much hope as the unpleasantries I had to endure just minutes ago.

“Wow! A shellworld? Well, that explains the iridescence. That also means someone built it, right!? You think there are humans up there, like, maybe, we’re not the only ones left?”

Now I feel like I’m the one weirding him out with my out-of-place excitement. I don’t know and I don’t care what his motives might be. Tomorrow, I’ll be trying hard to make myself useful for the sake of resurrecting humanity. But for tonight, I’ll be stargazing with the only person who doesn’t think I’m a liar.

"Heh... awight buddy, goodnight!"

The Futurist laughed as he waved me goodbye. I was wiping my eyes as I waved back. Too much joy and lack of worry made me bump into the Broker on the way. Flatteringly, he was about to fetch me from the dead campfire.

"You okay, bro?"

"Oh, ho ho, haha. Yeah, man. You?"

"All good here. What's so funny?"

"Haha! Because SOMEONE can crack a joke! Hey mister, tell him about that…”

I was still laughing, shouting at my new friend. Not to be offensive, but his impeded accent adds to the humor. It's like a story only he can tell. But, as soon as I turned back and looked for him-

“… thing…”

-he wasn’t there. No shadow by the tree stump, no footprints on the sand, no sign of him leaving that special bonfire. Fuck.

---