---
aliases:
  - Standard Model
ðŸ“:
  - ðŸ—ºï¸
ðŸ—ºï¸:
  - ðŸ“_1723823083986
ðŸ‘¤:
  - Hyndal
ðŸ”€:
  - â­•
ðŸ“…: 2025/01/01
---
# #âš™ï¸ Standard Model

## Boson
Bosons, named after Satyendra Nath Bose, are the physical units of energy. They mediate each other's interactions as well as that of fermion's. They have integer spins so they follow Bosonic statistics in which more than one unit can occupy the same dimensions.

| Symmetry | Scalar | Gauge (V) | Tensor   |
| -------- | ------ | --------- | -------- |
|          | godon  | photon    |          |
|          |        | w+        |          |
|          |        | w-        |          |
|          |        | z         |          |
|          |        | gluon     | graviton |

### Scalar
First-order force that act everywhere. They do not have spacelike dimensions that can be defined as direction because they have spin-0.

> [!qq] 2HDM
#### Light Neutral Higgs boson
The "god particle" (godon) first spotted in the Large Hadron Collider installment, is thought to give mass to all particles of the standard modelÂ except neutrinos. Gluons and photons being massless means the electromagnetic and color charges are unaffected by the Higgs boson.

On the other hand, the formation of three Goldstone bosons subsumed by the weak force bosons gave them mass. The last scalar one is this so-called god particle.

#### Heavy Neutral Higgs boson

### Gauge
SomeÂ Grand Unified TheoriesÂ predict that gauge or vector bosons are closed 1-branes that contrast the open 1-branes of matter. Due to how bosons can clump together in the exact same Planck volume by the absence of an exclusion principle, the compactified dimensions in which they spin can become indiscrete. They may behave like particles but are better thought of as forces that are the result of quantifiably broken symmetries along the branes they are embedded to. Along the same lines, some bosons may not be fundamental, thereby hinting at deeper unseen forces.

#### Electromagnetism
The most well-understood force of our universe. Opposites attract, like charges repel. The EM force follows a unitary complex U(1) symmetry. Electric and magnetic forces commutate and co-create each other in a circular manner at right angles.

##### Photons
Carriers of the electromagnetic force with frequency and amplitude properties related to their symmetry.

##### Electric force
A component of the EM force that tells individual charged particles how to affect the charge of others.

##### Magnetic force
A component of the EM force that tells groups of spinning particles how to affect the spin of others.

#### Strong force
The strongest force in our universe with the shortest range acts as a spring-like objects that binds baryons together by passing color charges between quarks. Three different color charges and their opposites arise from the act of passing gluons around, namely:

|Color|Anticolor|
|---|---|
|red|anti-red (cyan)|
|blue|anti-blue (yellow)|
|green|anti-green (magenta)|

Due to a unique SU(3) exclusion principle, only colorless particles can stand alone stably. Any other way and they will rearrange into a bunch of new particles to cancel out all charges.

##### Gluons
Carriers of the strong force that can possess eight different colors for mediating quark interactions. Gluons don't discriminate by parity. It is theoretically possible for glueballs to stand alone by simply possessing all color charges in equal amounts.

#### Weak force
The least-understood force that causes most of the decay procedures. Particles eventually becoming a different one, spinning along a different axis, or suddenly having different charge, can be explained by weak force interactions between them. They follow SU(2) symmetryÂ broken by mass.

##### Charged W bosons
By emitting or absorbing W bosons, azimuthal quarks can become abyssal quarks, electrons can become neutrinos, and vice versa.

##### Neutral Z boson
A carrier of spin, momentum, and energy but not of charge, the Z boson affects all fermions equally regardless of parity much like the electromagnetic force.

#### [[1735697359677|Electroweak Symmetry]]
The unification of electromagnetic and weak force at very small Planck volumes as detailed by the Weinberg-Salam model hinted at two fundamental dimensions for closed 1-branes. Weyl spinors with two components can very well violate parity symmetry as opposed to gluons and photons, being 4-component Dirac spinors.

##### Weak Isospin
A more basic spin-like value that only left-handed charge doublets can possess.

##### Hypercharge
A component of the Weyl spinor that interacts with left-handed charge doublets as well as right-handed lepton singlets

##### Mixing Angle
Under the specific symmetry-breaking caused by a scalar Higgs doublet, the 4 massless force particles predicted by the Weinberg-Salam model can mix in exact angles that give rise to the weak and electromagnetic forces as we know it.

### Tensor
The only well-known theorized third-order force carrier is the graviton.

#### Quintessence
At even higher energy densities, the strong force and the electroweak force behave identically.

#### Graviton
Very heavy particle that could be the carrier force of gravity with spin-2.

## Fermion
Enrico Fermi first described matter as having half-integer spins. They obey an exclusion principle that prevents them from possessing identical quantum numbers and consequently occupying the exact same spatial dimensions.

|Particle Type|1st Generation|2nd Generation|3rd Generation|
|---|---|---|---|
|Azimuthal Quark  <br>  <br>Charge: 2/3  <br>Spin: 1/2|up  <br>  <br>Mass-energy: 2,300,000|charm  <br>  <br>Mass-energy: 1,275,000,000|top  <br>  <br>Mass-energy: 1,703,000,000|
|Abyssal Quark  <br>  <br>Charge: -1/3  <br>Spin: 1/2|down|strange|beauty|
|Lepton  <br>  <br>Charge: -1  <br>Spin: 1/2|electron|muon|tau|
|Neutrino  <br>  <br>Charge: 0  <br>Spin: 1/2|electron neutrino|muon neutrino|tau neutrino|
|Sterile neutrino  <br>  <br>Charge: 0  <br>Spin: -1/2|sterile electron neutrino|sterile muon neutrino|sterile tau neutrino|

## Generation
Matter having three generations with increasing mass-energy is related to the number of verbosified dimensions of this universe.

### Charge
The electric charge, in conjunction with spin, distinguishes matter from antimatter.

### Parity
Particles naturally spin in a compactified dimension in relation to their direction of motion across verbosified ones. They can be left- or right-handed.

### Quark
Quarks have six flavors that mix together to form hadrons, the most stable of which are protons and neutrons. They have color charges mediated by gluons, "handedness" that indicates the direction of their spin in one of the compactified dimensions, and electric charges that determine how they interact with each other via electromagnetism.

Strangely, though, right-handed quarks do not interact with the weak force. They are locked in their Planck volume while their left-handed version can change charges and become a completely different quark of a different generation.

### Lepton
In contrast to quarks, leptons do not interact with gluons at all. They, however, have a weird relationship with the broken electroweak force.

#### Electronic
The most interesting particle group with lots of useful quasiparticle applications. Left-handed and right-handed electrons pair up within atoms to achieve a lower ground state that allows them to behave like bosons in a superconductor. Unpaired electrons are the main reason for magnetic behaviors as they tend to attract each other more strongly.

#### Neutrino
Neutrinos observed so far are solely left-handed. On top of that, they are sometimes called chameleon particles that freely change into each other.

##### Sterile neutrino
Right-handed neutrinos are theorized to be a type of dark matter. Being lighter than electrons with no way to interact via quintessence forces, sterile neutrinos can only be detected en masse via gravity.

### Antimatter
Antimatter is the result of mirroring both the charge and parity of normal matter. They annihilate each other upon contact, radiating a bazaar of chargeless high energy particles in the form of gamma rays, mesons, and virtual pairs.