---
aliases:
  - Mahmoud Roadmap
ðŸ“:
  - ðŸ’¼
ðŸ’¼: ðŸŸ¦
ðŸŸ¦: âš–ï¸
---
# #ðŸ’¼ Mahmoud Roadmap

> [!col]
> > [!ww]+ #2024/11 Achievements
> > 1. Planned and outlined the approach to be taken on building the AI model for predictions, and full analysis report exported as PDF for specific request. Also the news feed and market data to replicate ALLSOPP & ALLSOPP report, with news feed, also outlining the resources, requirements and tools needed, and the cost for these tools.
> > 2. Meeting with Aknur to train her on the automation to evaluate promoted listings.
> > 3. Clearing up Jira for the new tasks and updating the previous ones.
> > 4. Investigate the leads distribution mechanism and see why almost more than 50% of leads generated in October were not distributed to any agents.
> > 5. I have fixed some issues outlined by you in the management dashboard and performance dashboard as well.
> > 6. Built an Automated email sender every last finance day of the month for missing nationality to DC.
> > 7. Sales Evaluation Sep & Oct 2024 for Trained/ Coached Agents.
> > 8. Arranged a meeting with Aleksandr to discuss the new stages he added and understand what they mean and when they are updated to, because these stages consist of almost 50% of the stages in October, after he gave me access I investigated the reasons and it turned out that we needed historical stages and assigned person which is fetched manually through Vitalii team, and still waiting on his response.
> > 9. Updated the latest lead distribution report as per the data from marketing (Alexandra's Report), to match their numbers, and still found that a huge percentage of leads was not allocated to agents.
> > 10. I met with Rifga, and took all the requirements needed to get the new daily deals needed for screens, and managed to finish the automation process for it, I also built the task scheduler for all the scripts at 5:00 PM and 7:00 AM, where we don't need to manually run the scripts every day, will take action starting from Friday (8th of November 2024).
> > 11. I have finalized the commission calculation for KPIs for TLs, sent it over to Elie and Svetlana.
> > 12. revised the Excel file from Glay about off-plan resale deals, debugged, and fixed some issues related to BL commissions specifically for Liliya and Laurent, also fund some issues regarding brand developer related to Elie.
> > 13. Built a simple web version of the TL calculator: https://teamleadercalculator.mpd.ae/
> > 14. Completed the Agents with Gross of 1m+ from 2020 until 2024 by team.
> > 15. Provide Irina data regarding MPP performance, and added custom table for her in finance day, exported end of each month for consulting commission
> 
> > [!wer]+ #2024/12 Roadmap
> > 1. Do some progress on Building the AI models and automated PDF report extraction webapp, and hopefully finish it with the hep of IT.
> > 2. Finalize the insights that needs to be add to the template to be used to mimic ALLSOPP & ALLSOPP report.
> > 3. Build a news feed system with AI sentiment analyzer in real time.