---
aliases:
  - Disney Writing Advice
ðŸ“:
  - ðŸŽ“
ðŸŽ“:
  - ðŸ“
ðŸ“…: 2024/12/23
â­•: âœ…
ðŸ”¢:
  - "1"
---
# #ðŸ“ Disney Writing Advice

> [!e] Admire characters for attempting more than what their successes have been.

> [!wer] Keep in mind what's interesting to you as an audience, not what's fun to do as a writer. 
> They can be very different.

> [!www] Trying for theme is important, however you won't see what the story is about until you're at the end of that story. 
> Got it? 
> Now rewrite.

> [!e] Once upon a time, there was ðŸ“‹. 
> Everyday, ðŸ“‹. 
> One day ðŸ“‹. 
> Because of that, ðŸ“‹. 
> Because of that, ðŸ“‹. 
> Until finally, ðŸ“‹.

> [!ww] Simplify. 
> Focus. 
> Combine characters. 
> Hop over detours. 
> You'll feel like you're losing valuable stuff but it sets you free.

> [!qq] What is your character good at or comfortable with? 
> Throw the polar opposite at him. 
> Challenge him. 
> How does he deal with it?

> [!e] Come up with your ending before you figure out your middle. 
> Seriously. 
> Endings are hard. 
> Get yours working up front.

> [!x] Finish your story.
> Let go even if it's not perfect. 
> In an ideal world you have both.
> But move on.
> Do better next time.

> [!w] Pull apart the stories you like.
> What you like in them is a part of you.
> Recognize it before you use it.

> [!qq] Why must you tell this story in particular?
> What's the belief burning within you that your story feeds off of?
> That's the heart of it.

> [!r] Discount the first thing that comes to mind. 
> And the second, third, fourth, fifth 
> -- get the obvious out of the way. 
> Surprise yourelf.

> [!wer] Give your characters opinions.
> A character being passive or malleable is easy for you as a writer, but it's poison to your audience.

> [!qq] What's the essence of your story?
> What's the most economical way of telling it?
> If you know that, you can build out from there.

> [!w] If you were your character, in this situation, how would you feel?
> Honesty lends credibility to unbelievable situations.

> [!a] What are the stakes?
> Give us reason to root for the character. 
> What happens if he doesn't succeed?
> Stack the odds against him.

> [!f] No work is ever wasted.
> And if it's not working, let go.
> Move on.
> If it's useful, it will show up again.

> [!wer] You have to know yourself
> ... and know the difference between doing your best and being fussy.
> Story is testing, not refining

> [!xx] Coincidences that get characters into trouble are great.
> Coincidences that get them out of it is cheating.

> [!ww] Exercise.
> Take the building blocks of a movie you dislike.
> How would you rearrange them into what you like?

> [!ww] Identify with your situation / characters.
> Don't write **cool**
> What would make **YOU** act that way?

> [!q] Putting it on paper only allows you to start fixing it.
> If a perfect idea stays in your head, no one will ever know.
